"01TALENT AFRICA Gaming, Education Tech, Cyber security, Coding and Development, Blockchain, Gaming, Artificial Intelligence, Operating Systems Development, Cloud Security, Artificial Intelligence & IOT 01Talent Africa is both a Talent factory and a Talent Growth agency that aims to identify  train  and deploy 500 000 high-level AI-ready developers into the professional world by 2035. By integrating a proven educational model wit ..."
"212 FOUNDERS BY CDG INVEST Digital Finance, Incubator/Accelerator/Investment, Fund Raising and Investment 212 Founders is an acceleration and investment program for startups with international potential and links to    Africa and the Middle East. 212 Founders’ ambition is to exercise a structuring impact on the entrepreneuria ..."
3GCOM SARL  One of the leading global system integrator for IT & Telecom solutions in North Africa. We provide our customers with innovative end to end solutions and services across all major industries and collaborate with industry leading t ...
3LABAL.APP Incubator/Accelerator/Investment Since its creation in 2010  Khatwa Partners has supported several national programs intended for the structuring and modernization of small businesses. Over the years  KHATWA PARTNERS has developed expertise in the territorial dep ...
"3N SYSTÈMES Cyber security, Cloud Services, Big Data & Analytics, Artificial Intelligence, 5G & Telecommunications, Data Centres, Chatbots / Virtual Assistant, Robotic Process Automation, Business Intelligence, Robotic Process Automation - RPA IT Integrator: sale and maintenance of computer and network equipment (servers  storage  PC  printers  etc.) from the largest manufacturers (DELL  HP  Lenovo  Hitachi  Huawei  Cisco Epson etc.)  implementation of various solutions ..."
42GEARS MOBILITY SYSTEMS  42Gears is a leader in enterprise mobility management  offering cutting-edge solutions designed to transform the digital workplace. Delivered from the cloud and on-premise  42Gears products support all major mobile and desktop ope ...
"75WAY TECHNOLOGIES PRIVATE LIMITED Software Services, HealthTech, Ecommerce, Coding and Development, Blockchain, Smart Contracts, Web3 Applications, Backend Development, Blockchain, Devops 75way- Where Imagination Turns to Innovation We cater to a wide spectrum of projects and meet the business requirement with highly intriguing Web 3.0/Blockchain  Web  IOT and Mobile apps development solutions. At 75way  we ensur ..."
"AARYA SOFTEX LLP Software Services, Ecommerce, Coding and Development, Blockchain, Artificial Intelligence, Chatbots / Virtual Assistant, Content Creation, Machine Learning, Planning and Optimization, Real time translation AARYA SOFTEX mission is to empower businesses with cutting-edge technology solutions  leveraging the power of AI and innovation to drive efficiency  growth  and positive impact  we are committed to delivering innovative  reliable  ..."
"ABA TECHNOLOGY Artificial Intelligence, Internet of Things (IOT), Computer Vision, AI-optimized Hardware, Artificial Intelligence, Industrial IoT (IIoT) & Connectivity, IoT Solutions, Sensors, Smart lighting Leading the charge with groundbreaking innovations  Aba Technology transform multiple sectors across the continent. From the development of smart cities to the deployment of connected medical units  their mission is to empower pro ..."
"ABBOTT HealthTech, Consumer Tech, Smart Home & Smart Workplace, Coding and Development, Cloud Services, Big Data & Analytics, Applications, Artificial Intelligence, Business Intelligence, Cloud Solutions, Dashboard The key to recovery is often a fast  accurate diagnosis  perhaps today more than ever. There have been many new demands placed on laboratories  but there are also new opportunities to help solve some of healthcare’s toughest cha ..."
"ACCELCITY Future Mobility & Transportation, Connected Mobility Solutions, Mobility As A Service - Maas, Payments & Ticketing Accelcity is a   innovation company works towards enhancing #SmartCities exactly in parking systems groundbreaking solutions that leverage advanced technologies such as IoT  data analytics  and machine learning. We help you ..."
"ACCURA SCAN Digital Finance, Cloud Services, Blockchain, Big Data & Analytics, Artificial Intelligence, Data Extraction, Facial / Iris Recognition, Machine Learning, Optical character recognition (OCR), Artificial Intelligence Accura Scan’s ID Verification Suite is a cutting-edge solution that simplifies digital kyc and user onboarding using AI-based authentication. It offers a fast and secure method for enlisting clients while ensuring high accuracy ..."
"ACE MARKETING INC (SHANGHAI) 5G & Telecommunications, Communication Equipment With more than 30 years of experience in international fairs  ACE not only provides creative and engaging custom-designed exhibition stands  we also offer customers dependable and outstanding service and total solutions to promote ..."
"ACER Gaming, Future Mobility & Transportation, Energy Tech, Education Tech, Consumer Tech, Smart Home & Smart Workplace, Tablets / Laptops, 5G & Connectivity, Gaming Equipment, Headphones, Communication Equipment Founded in 1976  Acer is one of the world's top ICT companies with a presence in more than 160 countries. As Acer evolves with the industry and changing lifestyles  it is focused on enabling a world where hardware  software and se ..."
"ACLS Networking & Infrastructure, Data Centres, Cyber security, Cloud Services, Artificial Intelligence, Data Extraction, Machine Learning, Neural Networks, Consultancy, Cybersecurity ACLS  is an IT company specialized in professional Learning and Consulting. We are accredited to deliver official training of the biggest vendors in the market such as Cisco  Fortinet  VMware  Huawei  Kaspersky  CompTIA  CertNexus ..."
ADAFRI  Adafri is automated to various advertising inventories in Africa. Advertising becomes less technical and more accessible on this platform
"ADD HealthTech, Government Digital Development Agency -  "
"ADOT Artificial Intelligence, HealthTech, Chatbots / Virtual Assistant, Community Health Services, Healthcare IT Adot serves as a digital companion  providing pregnant women with access to healthcare information  tips  and tools to monitor their health and the health of their unborn child. Our platform connects mothers with health profession ..."
ADRIA BUSINESS & TECHNOLOGY  In more than 22 countries across the globe  Adria Business & Technology stands out as a leading partner in your digital transformation journey. With deep-rooted expertise in the banking sector  including software publishing and in ...
ADVALIO  # Telecom/IT company that provides engineering services & tools since 2015. Several local & abroad customers with ~50% of abroad turnover. # We act in 3 sectors: Telecom [operators  regulators  equipment suppliers]  Vertical [indu ...
"ADVANCED COMMUNICATIONS AND ELECTRONICS SYSTEMS CO 5G & Telecommunications, Cabling, Communication Equipment, Data Centres, Fixed Line Telecommunications, Mobile Telecommunications & 5G, Service Providers, Telecommunication Integration & Equipment Services, Wireless Established in 1994 and based in Riyadh  ACES is a top International Neutral Wholesale Telecommunications Operator. Licensed by the CST in Saudi Arabia and India's Ministry of Communications  it offers telecom infrastructure to li ..."
"ADVNV Creative Economy, Software Services, Media, Marketing & Advertising Tech, Gaming, Artificial Intelligence, Chatbots / Virtual Assistant, Advertising, Marketing / Advertising, Ad Trading, AdTech Economic woes hit everyone. Commuters battle rising costs of daily travels  while companies grapple with the high cost of traditional ad channels and digital channels saturation This creates a double side effect vicious cycle: exp ..."
"AFRIC'TRUST Cyber security, Authentication User, Biometric Authentication and PKI, Cryptography, Legal, Regulations, Investigations & Compliance Launched in 2022  AfricTrust is the only national accredited private operator offering the most comprehensive range of digital trust services. Your productivity and profitability are ensured with our products and services  which ..."
"AFRICA SMART HEALTH Media, Marketing & Advertising Tech, Internet of Things (IOT), HealthTech, Retail Tech, Incubator/Accelerator/Investment, Dealers and Distributors Healthcare, Government, Healthcare Consultancy Service, Healthcare Investor, Healthcare IT ASH: Patients store their medical files  seamlessly shared with doctors pre-appointment  while practitioners manage consultations efficiently in ASH."
"AFRICA TO SILICON VALLEY (A2SV) Incubator/Accelerator/Investment, HealthTech, Education Tech, Coding and Development, Artificial Intelligence, Chatbots / Virtual Assistant, Content Creation, Machine Learning, Neural Networks, Artificial Intelligence A2SV (Africa to Silicon Valley) is a non-profit tech academy and incubator that provides exceptional tech education and support to top university students across Africa. Founded with the vision of transforming Africa into a global ..."
AFRICA VISION  Africa vision primary focus is to increase the volume of the trade within the African content capitalizing on the potential of (AFCFTA) agreement. our vision can make the difference between generating A few international sales and ...
AFRICALINK  Africalink is a community of entrepreneurs  businesses and economic players acting together for their businesses expansion and towards supporting an « Africa-Europe » economic co-development strategy. Over 220 members  ambassad ...
"AFRICAN MARKET ENTRY CONSULTING LIMITED Incubator/Accelerator/Investment, HealthTech, Gaming, Ecommerce, 5G & Telecommunications, Broadband Services, Service Providers, Telecoms & Mobility, Mobile Gaming, Healthcare IT African Market Entry Consulting Ltd (Company Formation NG) is one of the most trusted comprehensive company formation agencies out of Nigeria. With more than 10 000 clients engagements from local and foreign clients  the firm won ..."
"AFRICAN POPULATION AND HEALTH RESEARCH CENTER Big Data & Analytics, Artificial Intelligence, Data Extraction, Data Analytics, Data Science APHRC: Africa-based  research-to-policy organization in Nairobi & Dakar  driving change through evidence-informed decisions."
"AFRIKAN CODERS Software Services, Cyber security, Blockchain, Big Data & Analytics, Artificial Intelligence, Machine Learning, Natural Language Processing (NLP), Pattern Recognition, Predictive APIs, Artificial Intelligence Afrikan Coders is a Cape Verdean company that training  recruits and provides qualified African human capital in the areas of Information and Communication Technologies (ICT) for remote work in global marketing. #AI #Inovation #De ..."
"AFRIMOBILITY Digital Finance, HealthTech, Future Mobility & Transportation, Artificial Intelligence, AgriTech & FoodTech, Biotechnology, Predictive APIs, Artificial Intelligence, Chargers - EV Quick Chargers, Healthcare IT Afrimobility is Akwa Group's Venture Capital fund and is specialized in financing and scaling-up innovative startups  operating in the following verticals: • Mobility and Smart Cities • HealthTech • FinTech • GreenTech � ..."
"AFROCHAT Coding and Development, Big Data & Analytics, Artificial Intelligence, Artificial Intelligence, Speech Recognition, Real time translation, Optical character recognition (OCR), Natural Language Processing (NLP), Natural Language Generation (NLG), Machine Learning AfroChat is a platform designed to address individual and organizational challenges in AI adoption. AfroChat improves AI knowledge and accessibility across Africa by using state-of-the-art Generative AI models in a simple user-fri ..."
"AFTERMARKET AgriTech & FoodTech, Agricultural Marketplaces, Agriculture 4.0 (Crop Production and Livestock), Climate-Smart Agriculture, Controlled environment systems, New Food Systems Aftermarket aims to transform the agricultural landscape of Côte d'Ivoire. By bridging the gap between producers and buyers  Aftermarket addresses the inefficiencies and challenges prevalent in the traditional supply chain  strea ..."
"AGENCE MAGHREB ARABE PRESSE Digital Finance, Media, Marketing & Advertising Tech, Internet of Things (IOT), Cyber security, Cloud Services, Cloud Management Platform, Cybersecurity, Desktop as a Service - DaaS, Migration, Networks Established in 1959  Maghreb Arabe Presse (MAP) is the official news agency of the Kingdom of  . As a governmental institution  MAP's primary objective is to disseminate news domestically and internationally  covering a dive ..."
AGENCE NATIONALE DES PORTS  Dans un contexte de globalisation croissante  marqué par l’intensification des échanges dans un environnement de plus en plus concurrentiel  le secteur des ports  au   et dans le monde  est devenu un levier important du d� ...
"AGENZ PropTech, CRM, Data & Analytics, Listings & Brokerage Tech, Marketplaces Real estate in   is inefficient  at Agenz (a prop-tech scaleup) we’ve built an integrated real estate service stack  to bring transparency and performance all along the value chain and help real estate stakeholders save ti ..."
"AGIRH Education Tech, Software Services, HR systems and services, ERP (Enterprise Resource Planning) Software, HR Tech AGIRH is a comprehensive HR solutions provider offering a complete suite of integrated software and services to streamline HR operations for businesses across Africa. With a focus on innovation and customer satisfaction  AGIRH pro ..."
AGRISCAN  AGRISCAN provides technological solutions in the agricultural field  develops and produces new portable sensors to carry out real-time analyzes and tests. systems are based on disruptive technology with embedded artificial intelli ...
"AGROCONFORM Digital Finance, Regulatory Technology, Blockchain, Artificial Intelligence, AgriTech & FoodTech, Agri-Data and Analytics, Agriculture 4.0 (Crop Production and Livestock), AI & Nutrition, Clean label management, Climate-Smart Agriculture Holistic technology platform that enables farmers to enhance agriculture efficiency  sustainability and ensure transparency. From seed to sale. with our Platform farmers can : 1- Anticipate challenges and define ideal crop cycle ..."
AI ROBOTICS  AI Robotics is a company specializing in the development of cutting-edge robotic solutions  focused on service robotics. We design  develop and market intelligent robots capable of automating a wide range of tasks across diverse i ...
"AIRLINK COMMUNICATION LIMITED Smart Manufacturing, Internet of Things (IOT), 5G & Telecommunications, Mobile Telecommunications & 5G, Telecommunication Integration & Equipment Services, Artificial Intelligence, IoT Solutions, Telecommunications, Wearables, Additive Manufacturing Airlink stands as a titan in Pakistan's telecommunications industry  renowned as one of the largest manufacturers  distributors  and retailers in the sector. Our strategic partnerships with global titans like Xiaomi and Tecno unde ..."
"AITEK Cyber security, Consumer Tech, Smart Home & Smart Workplace, Cloud Services, Business Continuity, Back-up & Disaster Recovery, Cloud Management & Optimisation, Cloud Management Platform, Cloud Service Provider - CSP, Computer and Mobile Hardware, Storage & Peripherals, Printing Solutions, Tablets / Laptops Fondée en 2004 en Côte d'Ivoire  Aitek est le principal distributeur informatique à valeur ajoutée en Afrique. Il y a près de deux décennies  l'entreprise a commencé avec quatre personnes  et maintenant  elle compte enviro ..."
"AKIL Creative Economy, Retail Tech, HealthTech, Cloud Services, Artificial Intelligence, Chatbots / Virtual Assistant, Content Creation, Recruitment, Advertising, Training or Recruitement At Akil  we simplify the way NGOs find volunteers. We tackle the challenge of scattered and unorganized volunteer recruitment by providing a central platform where NGOs can easily share opportunities  and volunteers find roles tha ..."
"AKU Blockchain, Digital Finance, Payments / Wallets / Exchange Gateways, Banking Solutions, Card Issuance and Management, Core Banking Solutions, Digital Lending, Digital Payment, E-KYC, E-Payment Solutions Aku is a fully licensed payment lead digital bank. Our Mission is building wealth at the base of the pyramid  to accelerate financial inclusion and economic development in Africa one mobile device at a time. We believe that acce ..."
"AKUMENIA Digital Finance, Cyber security, Cloud Services, Coding and Development, Big Data & Analytics, Chatbots / Virtual Assistant, Computer Vision, Data Extraction, Deep Learning Platforms, Machine Learning Imagine your organization's data as a gold mine of insights and opportunities. Managing this treasure securely and efficiently is the challenge in today's data ecosystems. Although the cloud offers significant opportunities  secur ..."
AL AKHAWAYN UNIVERSITY  Al Akhawayn University in Ifrane is an independent  public  not-for-profit  coeducational    university committed to educating future citizen-leaders of   and the world through a globally oriented  English -language  ...
"AL NOORI COMPUTERS & STATIONERY LLC Retail Tech, Data Centres, Consumer Tech, Smart Home & Smart Workplace, Computer and Mobile Hardware, Storage & Peripherals, Office Automation & Equipment, Printing Solutions, Smart Phones, Tablets / Laptops, Telecommunication, Video Systems & Equipment Established in 1991  Al Noori Computers LLC has been an integral part of several businesses all over the world. With our founder  Mr. Suresh Gehi's  leadership we have grown by leaps and bounds. Our successful 33 years track reco ..."
ALABASTER AGRO-ALLIED INDUSTRIES LIMITED  We provide cold chain as a service for smallholder fruit farmers which includes digital ordering systems  cooling and remote temperature systems.
ALENDEI PLATFORMS PVT LTD  Whitelabel AI platform: Engage customers seamlessly on WhatsApp  Email  Insta  Google. Trusted by 100+ Enterprise Digital Agency with 5* google review
"ALEXSYS SOLUTIONS Internet of Things (IOT), Cyber security, Cloud Services, Coding and Development, Artificial Intelligence, Chatbots / Virtual Assistant, Data Extraction, Machine Learning, Planning and Optimization, Predictive APIs Alexsys is a leading player in innovative technology consulting and management for businesses. We pride ourselves on being a true ""game changer "" consistently delivering significant value to assist our clients in winning their dig ..."
ALGAM  Algam Enterprise est spécialisée dans la distribution de matériel professionnel de sonorisation  de systèmes AV & contrôle  de vidéo et d’éclairage pour les prestataires techniques  les intégrateurs audiovisuels  les soc ...
"ALGO CONSULTING GROUP Software Services, Smart Cities, Ecommerce, Coding and Development, Backend Development, Blockchain, Devops, Embedded System Development, Enterprise Applications, Frontend Development In ALGO Consulting  We are dedicated to delivering innovative solutions that meet the unique needs of our clients and drive their success. With a team of experienced professionals  state-of-the-art technology  and a focus on deliv ..."
ALİENFENCE  Alienfence is a startup company established in 2023 at Gebze/ TURKEY Informatics Valley  a technopark. Specializing in artificial intelligence and image processing fields  we boast a global R&D team comprising engineers with 10-15 ...
ALKORA  Alkora : Revolutionizing Football Fandom. Overview : Alkora is a leading football app  offering real-time updates  news  and analyses. With over 4 million installs  we dominate the MENA region   ranking #1 in Algeria and top 2 ...
"ALMAXYRA & COMPANY Education Tech, Artificial Intelligence, Articulated Robots, Cobots, Humanoids & Humanoid Robots, Artificial Intelligence & IOT, EdTech & Smart Classroom Solution, Laboratory & Scientific Equipment, STEAM Education & Robotics, Training materials Nous sommes fournisseur de solutions robotiques éducatives  axées sur les métiers de l’industrie 4.0  destinées à l’enseignement secondaire (collège et lycée) ainsi qu’à l’enseignement supérieur (écoles d’ingé ..."
ALMB | LOUERMABORNE.FR | ACHETERMABORNE.FR  NC
"ALV DISTRIBUTION Creative Economy, Consumer Tech, Smart Home & Smart Workplace, Audio Systems & Equipment, Communication Equipment, Digital Imaging Equipment, Electronic Components (Connection Devices, Electron Tubes, Etc), Electronic Equipment & Instruments (Barcode Readers, POS Machines, Etc), Headphones, Home Entertainment Solutions / Integration Systems, Large Appliances ALV DISTRIBUTION est le distributeur officiel de L-ACOUSTICS pour le Maghreb & l'Afrique francophone à savoir :   •Algérie •Bénin •Burkina Faso •Burundi •Cameroun •Centrafrique •Congo-Brazzaville •Congo-Kins ..."
"ALYA Digital Finance, Retail Tech, Ecommerce, Big Data & Analytics, Machine Learning, Digital Lending, Digital Payment, E-Commerce Solutions, Platforms, E-commerce & M-commerce - Mobile Commerce Alya allows consumers to complete their purchase in 2  3 or 4 interest-free instalments and no fees. We also enable merchants to increase their average order value  conversation rates and sales  both online and in-store. Alya is ..."
ALYF  Alyf provides mobile payment solutions for individuals and businesses. Our app offers wallet top-ups  bill payments  transfers  merchant payments  and loyalty rewards. Features include biometric login  real-time notifications  and ...
"ALYF Digital Finance, Retail Tech, Developer Tools / Platforms, Digital Payment, E-Commerce Solutions, E-KYC, E-Wallets, Emerging Tech, Enterprise Software / Operating Systems, InsureTech Lifestyle payments"
AMDIE  The   Investment and Export Agency plays a driving role in the sectorial promotion of the   offer  contributes to the creation of added value and jobs  and strengthens competitiveness throughout the territory. AMDIE ...
"AML WATCHER Digital Finance, Data Centres, Cyber security, Cloud Services, Governance & Compliance, Legal, Regulations, Investigations & Compliance, Compliance & Risk Management, RegTech / Audit / Regulatory Compliance AML Watcher is a simplified solution breaking through complexities with ease and innovation. We are on a mission to revolutionize AML screening with a user-centric approach  which feels less complex and more familiar. Our global ..."
"AMSTERGI Networking & Infrastructure, Media, Marketing & Advertising Tech, Gaming, Consumer Tech, Smart Home & Smart Workplace, Artificial Intelligence, Chatbots / Virtual Assistant, Robotic Process Automation, Audio Systems & Equipment, Computer and Mobile Hardware, Storage & Peripherals, Digital Imaging Equipment Established in 2004  AMSTERGI Middle East FZE is a premier provider of Future-Ready Value Distribution Services  ensuring businesses stay ahead in innovation. Operating as an end-to-end supply chain value distributor  we excel in ..."
"ANCHOR SYSTEMS T/A ANCHOR MACHINES PropTech, Construction Tech, Digital Marketing, Marketplaces Anchor Machines was established in 2021 as a subsidiary of Anchor Systems Ltd established in 2017. Anchor Machines is a web and mobile application that hosts over 1000 Construction machines across Uganda to enable contractors to c ..."
ANIQUE INC.  Anique is a Tokyo-based company  enabling Japanese Anime/Manga going global  leveraging with both physical and digital services. To date  we have sold exclusive physical merchandise  launched digital collectibles using blockchain ...
ANKER  Next Limited is part of HMC & Simran roup and has over 18 years’ experience representing the leading global technology vendors in the Middle East  Europe  and Africa. Our reputation  built on local expertise  integrity  and pro ...
"AOKUMO INC. Cloud Services, Artificial Intelligence, Chatbots / Virtual Assistant, Data Extraction, Planning and Optimization, Predictive APIs, Cloud Management & Optimisation, DevOps, Open Source, Platform as a Service - PaaS At the forefront of cloud  cloud-native  and AI innovation  Aokumo is transforming the digital operations landscape with cutting-edge  tailored solutions for the contemporary business environment. Our mission is to revolutionize d ..."
AORTO MEDICAL LLC  Aorto Medical is a deep tech medical device company aiming to bring to market a new device for heart failure treatment. Our implantable technology is designed to safely support blood transport in the body by prioritizing the direc ...
"APL DATA CENTER Data Centres, Compliance & Risk Management, Connectivity, Consultancy, Cooling, Data Analytics & Automation, Data Building & Verification, Data Centre Infrastructure Management, Data Centre Next Generation, Energy Efficiency Founded in 1983  APL specializes in the consulting  engineering  construction and operation of data centers and associated infrastructures. Through its Organic Design mission  APL is committed to creating efficient  secured and sc ..."
APO GROUP  APO Group provides turnkey solutions that empower companies to grow their business on the African continent. Since 2007  APO Group has utilised its knowledge of and strong relationships across Africa to help companies flourish by ...
"AQUA LABS X BIKING EXCHANGE Cloud Services, Coding and Development, Blockchain, Artificial Intelligence, Blockchain as a Service (BaaS), Crypto Exchanges, Cryptocurrency/ ICOs/ STOs / Tokens, Decentralised Finance, Gaming, IT Service Management - ITSM Investment Thesis AquaLabs' unique investment strategy is rooted in our deep understanding of the KOL landscape and technical insights into Web3 technologies. In 2023  we have strategically invested in over 20 portfolio companies ..."
AQUADEEP  Aquadeep pioneers advanced aquaculture solutions  notably in fish counting tech. Our flagship product  the Aquadeep Smart Fish Counter  employs AI and computer vision for precise fish counts  crucial for hatcheries. We also offer ...
AR DISPLAY  AR Disply revolutionizes retail with its SaaS platform  empowering sellers to offer customers an immersive shopping journey via augmented reality (AR). Our technology enables seamless product pre-previewing on smartphones/tablets  ...
"ARCHO Software Services, Smart Cities, Cloud Services, Coding and Development, Big Data & Analytics, Software as a Service - SaaS, Architecture - Design & Planning, Application integration and infrastructure, Business Intelligence Solutions, Business Process Management archo was born from a place of operational chaos - in the middle of an architecture firm. archo is designed by architects for architects. It’s the work of meticulous design thinking and innovation practices applied to a mid-size ..."
"ARH+GROUP - AGRICULTURAL SORTING MACHINES Artificial Intelligence, AgriTech & FoodTech, Agricultural Machinery And Equipment, Agriculture 4.0 (Crop Production and Livestock), Computer Vision, Neural Networks ASM is a brand and a product of the ARH+ Group which was founded in 2014  providing highly specialized solutions for business. The company specializes in delivering services and products based on the intersection of IT solutions  ..."
"ARK-X Coding and Development, Artificial Intelligence, Backend Development, Cloud Computing, Data Sciences, Devops, Gaming, Java, Machine Learning, Operating Systems Development ARK-X is much more than a training center  it is a complete support program focused on talent  from awareness to placement  including orientation  training and evaluation. We offer upskilling & reskilling programs in technological ..."
"ARKEOS Consumer Tech, Smart Home & Smart Workplace, Computer and Mobile Hardware, Storage & Peripherals, Digital Imaging Equipment, Electronic Components (Connection Devices, Electron Tubes, Etc), Office Automation & Equipment, Printing Solutions, Smart Security, Tablets / Laptops, Wearables Arkeos is a reputable   distributor headquartered in Casablanca  focusing on printing solutions  services  and software. We proudly serve as the exclusive distributor for renowned brands like Konica Minolta and Roland  and ..."
"ARLEON S.R.O. Mobile Accessories & Peripherals, Metaverse, Immersive Tech, Gaming, Consumer Tech, Smart Home & Smart Workplace, Audio Systems & Equipment, Smart Appliances / Gadgets, Smart Phones, Tablets / Laptops, Telecommunication, Wearables Arleon s.r.o. is a value-added distributor and wholesaler of an extensive range of innovative electronics and lifestyle goods. Our portfolio includes and is not limited to: consumer electronics  accessories for mobile  photo and ..."
"ARM Internet of Things (IOT), Future Mobility & Transportation, Data Centres, Coding and Development, Artificial Intelligence, AI-optimized Hardware, Autonomous Vehicles / Systems, Machine Learning, Artificial Intelligence, Embedded System Development Across industries  Arm technology is building the future of computing. We architect  develop  and license high-performance  low-cost  and energy-efficient IP solutions for CPUs  GPUs  NPUs and interconnect technologies  relied on ..."
"ARRIOPH Software Services, Cloud Services, Coding and Development, Big Data & Analytics, Artificial Intelligence, Chatbots / Virtual Assistant, Content Creation, Data Extraction, Machine Learning, Natural Language Processing (NLP) ARRIOPH est ESN spécialisée dans la transformation digitale et Lean Agile."
"ARROW Data Centres, Cyber security, Cloud Services, Analyst, Cloud Management Platform, Cybersecurity, Desktop as a Service - DaaS, Hybrid, Infrastructure as a Service - IaaS, IT Service Management - ITSM Arrow est un distributeur IT qui mène l’innovation à travers le channel. Nous aidons les fournisseurs IT à croître en offrant une expertise technique"
"ARROW ECS Cyber security, Cloud Services, Big Data & Analytics, Artificial Intelligence, 5G & Telecommunications, Data Centres, Service Providers, Telecommunication Integration & Equipment Services, AI-optimized Hardware, Chatbots / Virtual Assistant Arrow ECS   is an IT distributor that drives innovation through the channel."
"ASBIS MIDDLE EAST 3D Printing & Printing Services, Apprenticeship, Training and Qualification ASBIS Specializes in Value Added Distribution  Volume Distribution  B2B market solutions & ICT products distribution from global suppliers to configure hardware products  software elements & cloud-based services and technologies a ..."
ASCOM GLOBAL ICT SERVICES LIMITED  Ascompay Fintech is a dynamic fintech company revolutionizing online and offline payments. With a solution aiming to mitigate Africa's internet connectivity inefficiency  offering users and businesses unparalleled convenience  sec ...
ASSURAF  Assuraf solution is to provide most types of insurance through their proprietary distribution infrastructure to offer accessible customized and affordable coverage within minutes anytime  anywhere and on any device To offer compr ...
"ATAREC Energy Tech, Energy Storage Technologies, Independent Power Producers, Developers and EPCs ATAREC is a Cleantech start-up that aim to reduce the humanity environmental footprint and promote its green energy autonomy through its innovative solutions in renewable energy  especially its patented solution in wave energy Wav ..."
"ATLANTA SYSTEMS PVT LTD Internet of Things (IOT), Future Mobility & Transportation, Consumer Tech, Smart Home & Smart Workplace, AgriTech & FoodTech, IoT, Automation & IoT, Electronic Equipment & Instruments (Barcode Readers, POS Machines, Etc), In-Vehicle Electronics, Fleet Management, Sensors, Radars & Cameras Since our establishment in 1994  Atlanta Systems has been a leading provider of cutting-edge technology solutions such as ADAS  EV  vehicle telematics  indoor tracking  and asset management  prioritizing research and development t ..."
"AṬLAS Software Services, Smart Cities, Future Mobility & Transportation, Ecommerce, Mobile Applications, Smart Services, Safety & Security Solutions, Mobility & Transport, Government Authorities & Municipalities, V-Commerce & Dealer Commerce EN : A?las was born out of a desire to make a difference in  's tourism industry. We offer an app that not only provides reliable routes but also allows travelers to experience the country like true locals. Moreover  it giv ..."
ATLAS CLOUD SERVICES  Atlas Cloud Services provides reliable sovereign Cloud solutions  while striving for excellence in digital sovereignty and cybersecurity. Housing the largest datacenter in North Africa  certified Tier III & Tier IV by the Uptime I ...
"ATM-VIEW Digital Finance, Cyber security, Artificial Intelligence, Planning and Optimization, Predictive APIs, Software Development Security, Auditing Solutions, Banking Solutions, Digital Payment Atm-View  fondée en 2015  est une société spécialisée dans l’édition de logiciels monétiques destinés aux institutions financières et aux banques de détail. Notre mission est de proposer des solutions innovantes pour l ..."
"ATOS Digital Finance, Smart Cities, Cloud Services, 5G & Telecommunications, Billing / OSS / BSS, Mobile Telecommunications & 5G, Service Providers, Telecommunication Integration & Equipment Services, Hybrid, Managed Service Provider - MSP Atos is a global leader in digital transformation with c. 95 000 employees and annual revenue of c. € 11 billion. European number one in cybersecurity  cloud and high-performance computing  the Group provides tailored end-to-end ..."
"AUKEY Ecommerce, Telecoms & Mobility AUKEY combines the latest technologies with over a decade of hardware expertise to design and build solid  reliable consumer electronics and mobile tech accessories. AUKEY is a team of techies with a common appreciation for the f ..."
AUSIM Incubator/Accelerator/Investment L’Association des Utilisateurs des Systèmes d’Information au   (AUSIM) est une association à but non lucratif créée en avril 1993. Comptant parmi ses adhérents nombre de structures de premier plan  tant au niveau orga ...
"AUTOFORE COMPANY LIMITED Future Mobility & Transportation, Fleet Management, V-Commerce & Dealer Commerce Autofore is all about making it easier to keep your car in top shape. We use smart technology to simplify the process of getting your car fixed up after it's been on the road for a while. Our goal is to make car maintenance and re ..."
"AUTOMATIC ID Retail Tech, Quantum & High Performance Computing, Internet of Things (IOT), Ecommerce, 3D Printing & Printing Services, Solutions for additive manufacturing - Data preparation software and control software, Supply Chain Solutions, RFID, Security, Storage - Services, Data & Analytics - Data Warehouse/Decision Support Automatic ID est une société d’ingénierie informatique spécialisée dans les technologies des codes à barres (Solutions de gestion intégrées de lecture et d’impression de code à barres)  la collecte et le traitement é ..."
AVALIANCE  Since 2010  Avaliance Group  has been dedicated to shaping the future of IT and consulting services. We leverage innovation  digitalization  and technology to meet the diverse needs of individuals and businesses. Our focus is on d ...
"AXE FINANCE Artificial Intelligence, Digital Finance, Artificial Intelligence, Banking Solutions, Big Data / Digitisation / Analytics, Digital Lending, E-KYC, Islamic Fintech / Shariya Compliant, Open Banking / API Founded in 2004  Axe Finance is a global market-leading software provider focused on credit risk automation for lenders looking to provide an efficient  competitive  and seamless financing journey. Axe Finance developed the Axe C ..."
"AXELI SERVICES INFORMATIQUES ET INFOGÉRANCE Digital Finance, HealthTech, Education Tech, Data Centres, Cyber security, Endpoint Protection & Mobile Security, Internet of Things (IoT) Security, Intrusion Detection & Penetration Testing, Legal, Regulations, Investigations & Compliance, Network & Infrastructure Security AXELI: YOUR TRUSTFUL IT INTEGRATOR IN   Since 2006  AXELI has been the leading integrator of strategic infrastructures solutions  specializing in cutting-edge computer architectures and unparalleled IT cybersecurity service ..."
"AXIANS Internet of Things (IOT), HealthTech, Data Centres, Cyber security, Cloud Services, Analyst, Analytics, Applications including Development, Deployment & Design, Big Data & Analytics, Business Continuity, Back-up & Disaster Recovery . Axians supports its customers in their digital transformation journey and offers ICT solutions and services in: - Cybersecurity - Telecommunication Infrastructures - Datacenters and Cloud Service - Business Applications and Data ..."
"AXIROS Software Services, Internet of Things (IOT), Cloud Services, 5G & Telecommunications, Broadband Services, Telecommunication Integration & Equipment Services, Wireless, Cloud Management Platform, Professional Services, Software as a Service - SaaS Any Device. Any Protocol. Any Service. Any Time | We manage all THINGS. For over 20 years  Axiros has been a leading provider of software solutions for Device Management in telecommunications and other industries. The company's re ..."
"AXXAM CONSULTING Sustainability & Green Climate - Tech, Cyber security, Cloud Services, AgriTech & FoodTech, Anti-spam, Anti-Malware & Anti-Virus & Email Security, Application integration and infrastructure, Application Security, Testing & Control, Applied Security, Business Continuity & Disaster Recovery Planning, Cloud Security Faced with an upsurge in cyber-attacks and data leaks  we know how to protect and secure your critical infrastructure and your strategic data to provide an effective response to the new uses induced by digital technology to bring ..."
AYLINK  At Aylink  we're dedicated to transforming the event industry through our innovative ticketing platform. With a focus on seamless integration and user-friendly design  we provide event organizers and attendees with an unparalleled ...
"AYNI Internet of Things (IOT), HealthTech, Artificial Intelligence, AI-optimized Hardware, Computer Vision, Data Extraction, Facial / Iris Recognition, Optical character recognition (OCR), Real time translation, Speech Recognition In a world where vision is vital  Edronic Technologies stands tall as a beacon of innovation. Dedicated to empowering the visually impaired  they craft revolutionary health tech solutions. Their flagship product  Ayni  is more tha ..."
"AYNID Digital Finance, Retail Tech, Networking & Infrastructure, Ecommerce, 5G & Telecommunications, Billing / OSS / BSS, Broadband Services, Cabling, Communication Equipment, Mobile Telecommunications & 5G Aynid is an Ivorian company specialized in information sharing and active in the e-commerce sector. It has several tools to facilitate product search  including a specialized search engine. As a social network dedicated to online ..."
AZA PETROSOLUTIONS  AZA Petrosolutions is a trailblazing technology company specializing in IoT solutions for the petroleum industry. We provide advanced systems that optimize operations for petrol stations  leveraging data-driven insights to enhance ...
AZA PETROSOLUTIONS  AZA Petrosolutions is a leading provider of innovative solutions tailored to the petroleum sector. Our cutting-edge technology revolutionizes fuel management processes  offering real-time monitoring  analysis  and optimization of ...
AZARA CONSULTING  Azara Consulting is an Atlassian Gold Solution Partner providing full services on the whole Atlassian suite. We have successfully implemented Atlassian solutions all around the world : Project Management (Agile & Devops) based on ...
AZINTELECOM  AzInTelecom LLC  a trusted service provider in Azerbaijan and the South Caucasus  pioneers secure and innovative digital solutions. As the first in Azerbaijan to deliver biometric identity verification  its S?MA Digital Solutions ...
"BACKBASE Digital Finance, Banking Solutions, Digital Lending, Digital Payment, Emerging Tech, Islamic Fintech / Shariya Compliant, Lending / P2P Lending, Wealth Management Software Backbase Engagement Banking Platform – a unified platform with the customer at the center  empowering banks to accelerate their digital transformation. From customer onboarding  to servicing  loyalty and loan origination  our si ..."
"BAGPOINT Artificial Intelligence, Data Extraction Bagpoint has developed a “door-to-airport” luggage delivery service which allows travelers to check-in and drop-off their hold-luggage from the comfort of their home and/or a Bagpoint HUB location nearby. This way travelers ha ..."
"BANK OF AFRICA Digital Finance, Incubator/Accelerator/Investment, Banking Solutions, E-Payment Solutions, E-Wallets, Insurance Solutions, Open Banking / API, Payments / Wallets / Exchange Gateways, POS Machines & Payment Solutions BANK OF AFRICA is one of Africa's main pan-African financial groups. With an extensive portfolio of brands and subsidiaries  its universal banking business model has seen it diversify into a variety of business lines including com ..."
"BASEETA FOR DIGITAL SOLUTIONS Digital Finance, HealthTech, Digital Lending, Digital Payment, Lending / P2P Lending, Payment Gateways, Medical Facilities, Other Business Baseeta is a Healthcare Consumer finance fintech aggregator  where we bring to our health care patients the prices of any medical procedure they desire in installments through our large consumer finance partners. The installment a ..."
"BATNA24 Networking & Infrastructure, Future Mobility & Transportation, Data Centres, Consumer Tech, Smart Home & Smart Workplace, 5G & Telecommunications, Smart Appliances / Gadgets, Smart Security, Gateways, Bridges, Batteries - Lithium Ion Batteries We are company from POLAND with EU warehouses and stock. In our offer we have network devices: wired and wireless (routers  switches  cables  splitters  cables  servers  hard drives  racks)   consumer electronics for the ho ..."
"BEAM TEKNOLOJI Education Tech, Cyber security, Cloud Services, Cybersecurity, Application Security, Testing & Control, Phishing, Assessment and testing BeamSec is a subsidiary of BEAM Teknoloji  an accredited “Cyber Security Testing and Evaluation Laboratory”  providing formal product certification  security assessment  penetration testing  and managed security services. Beam ..."
"BEEM Software Services, Retail Tech, Networking & Infrastructure, Cloud Services, 5G & Telecommunications, IP Communications & Applications, Unified Communications, Telecommunication Platforms, Customer Experience & Retention - Chatbots, Customer Experience & Retention - Loyalty Programmes Beem offers an omni channel marketing platform BeemEngage  our chat sales & customer service platform BeemMoja and automation and integration platform BeemAPIs. We do this by leveraging our technology and infrastructure for SMS  ..."
"BEET FRESH YOGHURT AgriTech & FoodTech, Sustainability & Green Climate - Tech, Agriculture 4.0 (Crop Production and Livestock), Energy Management & Sustainability, Biodiversity & Ecosystem Preservation, Food & Agriculture - Food & Water Processing, Food & Agriculture - Food Production B2C, Sustainable Systems - Processing, Food & Agriculture, Food & Agriculture - Food Agri B2B Beet Fresh Yoghurt Pitch Script Problem African consumers are becoming more health conscious  and looking for healthier alternatives to most yoghurts available in market that have artificial colors  flavors and sweeteners. Soluti ..."
"BEIJING GRACE RATECOLOR TECHNOLOGY CO., LTD. Retail Tech, Consumer Tech, Smart Home & Smart Workplace, Office Automation & Equipment, Payments - Cash Management Beijing Grace Ratecolor Technology Co.  LTD. is founded in 2005  a high-tech specializing in the reseach and development and manufacturing of currency counter  currency sorting machine  cash deposit machine and deposit module  of ..."
"BEREXIA DIGITAL Software Services, HealthTech, Cyber security, Blockchain, Artificial Intelligence, AI-optimized Hardware, Articulated Robots, Autonomous Mobile Robots (AMRs), Autonomous Vehicles / Systems, Chatbots / Virtual Assistant IT"
"BEST PHONE MUNDO MÓVIL S.L Consumer Tech, Smart Home & Smart Workplace, Computer and Mobile Hardware, Storage & Peripherals, Headphones, Home Appliances, Large Appliances, Leisure, Health & Lifestyle Wearables, Smart Appliances / Gadgets, Smart Phones, Tablets / Laptops, Video Systems & Equipment Best Phone Mundo Móvil stands out in the market as a leader in wholesale distribution of mobile devices and consumer electronics. With a solid track record and commitment to excellence  it has become a reliable partner for retail ..."
BESTWAY IT  Specialist in the field of new technologies  Bestway IT supports companies and administrations in the evolution and transformation of their information systems. At the heart of enterprise information systems strategies are develop ...
BETACLIC  The solution is already being deployed in Mauritania with the Ministry of Livestock  in Senegal for transhumance monitoring  and in Côte D'Ivoire for the national livestock identification project. BetaClic focuses on livestock tr ...
"BETTERFLY SOLUTIONS Software Services, Cloud Services, Coding and Development, Artificial Intelligence, Chatbots / Virtual Assistant, Data Extraction, Machine Learning, Natural Language Generation (NLG), Analytics, Software as a Service - SaaS Betterfly stands out as the comprehensive solution for enhancing QHSE (Quality  Occupational Health & Safety  and Environment) performance. This expert-designed  cloud-based system streamlines task management  enhances team collab ..."
BEWIZE  Bewize is a cutting-edge EdTech startup specializing in gamified and interactive digital learning for primary school children. It focuses on subjects like Math  French  and English  aligning its content with educational standards ...
"BEWIZYU Creative Economy, Media, Marketing & Advertising Tech, Coding and Development, Big Data & Analytics, 3D Printing & Printing Services, Design & Product Development - Engineering and part design, Dashboard, Data Analytics, Data Visualisation, Digital Transformation Digital agency specialized in responsible and sustainable solutions and consulting  Bewizyu is a leader in customer relationship expertise  offering end-to-end design & implementation services for web & mobile customer platforms. ..."
BEYOND LIMITS  Beyond Limits is an industrial-grade  Hybrid AI company that optimizes operations  boosts efficiency  and increases productivity for demanding industries including energy  advanced manufacturing  healthcare  and financial services ...
"BHAPI Education Tech, Cyber security, Big Data & Analytics, Artificial Intelligence, Artificial Intelligence, Data Analytics, Data Governance, Compliance & Security, Digital Transformation, Machine Learning, Mobile Technology Bhapi is a social media platform focused on providing a safe and educational environment for families and schools. The platform offers a closed network with features designed to protect users from cybercrimes and promote digital c ..."
"BI NEWVISION Data Centres, Cloud Services, Blockchain, Big Data & Analytics, Software Services, Analytics as a service, Apache Kafka, Apache Spark, Applications, Artificial Intelligence BI NEW VISION is an IT consulting company."
BIBORNE  Biborne stands as a beacon of innovation in the restaurant industry  offering advanced self-ordering kiosk solutions. With a focus on enhancing efficiency and accuracy in the ordering process  Biborne's technology streamlines oper ...
BIG BLUE LOGISTICS  At Big Blue Logistics  we're transforming the transport industry with our cutting-edge hailing truck system  Big Blue Network. Seamlessly connecting carriers and shippers in real-time  our platform ensures smart  efficient  and fu ...
BIKER.MA  Biker.ma is the first marketplace dedicated to the world of motorcycles in  . The platform was designed by and for motorcycle enthusiasts in   to revolutionize the buying and selling experience of motorcycles and relat ...
"BIOTECH & CAPITAL CONSULTING GMBH Internet of Things (IOT), HealthTech, Coding and Development, Cloud Services, 5G & Telecommunications, Communication Equipment, Data Centres, Telecommunication Integration & Equipment Services, Video & Audio Conference Solutions, Wireless Biotech and Capital Consulting GmbH  a hub for medical innovation in Germany  has been at the forefront of digital healthcare since 2020."
BITDYNE  Bitdyne operates as a versatile Digital Services Company  evolved from its origins as an IT solutions publisher/integrator to become a premier freelance placement entity. With a robust network boasting over 30 consultants  each an ...
"BIXOLON CO, LTD. Retail Tech, E-commerce & M-commerce - Click & Collect Solutions, Merchandise Planning & Inventory Management - Inventory Management, Merchandise Planning & Inventory Management - Product Lifecycle Management, Merchandise Planning & Inventory Management - Smart Labels, Payments - POS Payments BIXOLON is a leading global manufacturer of dependable innovative and advanced printing technologies  including POS  Lable  AND Mobile receipt and label printers for various environments. BIXOLON views its printing technology as a ..."
"BKSM Retail Tech, Ecommerce, Cloud Services, Blockchain, Big Data & Analytics, Cloud Solutions, Dashboard, Data Warehouse, Intelligent Supply Chain, Cloud Management & Optimisation BKSM analyzes your needs  advises on your organization  supports you in implementing Supply chain Softwares  and assists with all developments related to your business activities. Warehouse and Inventory Management: Speed WMS and ..."
BLACKSTONE EIT  BlackStone eIT is a global team dedicated to transforming enterprise solutions through intelligent design. We're experts in AI  deep learning  and data architectures  revolutionizing marketing  sales  operations  and customer  ...
BLINK PHARMA  Blink Pharma's purpose is to integrate healthcare industry actors  facilitate real-time data transactions between them  and build advanced Al capabilities on top of data to boost productivity. Our goal is to serve as infrastructur ...
"BLUEBIRD INC. Energy Tech, Consumer Tech, Smart Home & Smart Workplace, Big Data & Analytics, AgriTech & FoodTech, 5G & Telecommunications, Electronic Equipment & Instruments (Barcode Readers, POS Machines, Etc), Tablets / Laptops, Telecommunication, Billing / OSS / BSS, Mobile Telecommunications & 5G Bluebird is an enterprise IoT total solution provider  offering consulting and customized solutions for enterprise IoT infrastructure. Bluebird’s technology leadership  selected by more than 3 000 customers from 120 countries  i ..."
"BLUEDOVE Retail Tech, Media, Marketing & Advertising Tech, HealthTech, Artificial Intelligence, Deep Learning Platforms, Optical character recognition (OCR), Planning and Optimization, Healthcare IT, Medical Facilities, Medical Practice BLUEDOVE is a UM6P-OCP startup that produces and implements AI solutions on any existing CCTV cameras infrastucture. We have developed both On-edge and On-cloud processing to adapt our solutions to ensure scalability around the ..."
"BLUESEC Cyber security, Cloud Security, Digital Forensics & Incident Response, Legal, Regulations, Investigations & Compliance, Operations Security, Phishing, Ransomware, Security Architecture & Design, Security Credentials, Intrusion Detection & Penetration Testing Founded in January 2022 and headquartered in Casablanca  Bluesec is a dynamic firm specializing in defensive cybersecurity. The company is committed to aiding clients in fortifying their cyber defense capabilities and enhancing th ..."
BMAQ INNOVATION HUB  The BMAQ Innovation Hub  established by the Bayt Mal Al Quds Agency  is at the forefront of driving technological and innovative solutions aimed at addressing the socio-economic challenges in Al-Quds. This initiative seeks to harn ...
"BMCI Digital Finance, Asset Management / Personal Finance / Wealth Management, Banking Solutions, Card Issuance and Management, Card Service Card, Core Banking Solutions, Digital Payment, E-KYC, E-Payment Solutions, E-Wallets BMCI carries out a universal banking activity  which is aimed at all types of customers: Individuals (including  s Residing Abroad)  Professionals and Businesses. To better satisfy the needs of its customers  the BMCI Group ..."
"BOOKKEEPING PRO Ecommerce, eCommerce Software, Telecoms & Mobility, Training / Recruitment Company Providing Services of Bookkeeping  Accounting  Reporting  Financial Management  Corporate and Taxation"
"BOTGUARD OÜ Networking & Infrastructure, Cyber security, Cloud Services, Cybersecurity, Cloud Security, Network & Infrastructure Security, Intrusion Detection Systems, Load Balancers BotGuard OÜ is a leading website traffic security solution that protects businesses from modern web threats such as malicious bots  hacker attacks and other harmful online activity. By providing webmasters and site owners with a ..."
BOTWA.AI  At BOTWA  we lead the way in AI innovation  revolutionizing customer engagement. We enhance experiences and open doors to new possibilities. With our expertise in cutting-edge conversational AI technology  including call insight a ...
"BRANCHE ÉPARGNE - PRÉVOYANCE DE LA CDG Cyber security, Cloud Services, Coding and Development, Big Data & Analytics, Artificial Intelligence, AI-optimized Hardware, Chatbots / Virtual Assistant, Content Creation, Data Extraction, Predictive APIs The Saving – Provident & Pension Branch is a business unit of the Caisse de Dépôt et de Gestion (CDG) which embodies the vocation of a trusted third parties with public authorities  in accordance with its organic and regulator ..."
"BRICOP Retail Tech, PropTech, Ecommerce, eCommerce Software, eLogistics, Platforms, 3D/ AR / VR, AI & IoT, Construction Tech, CRM Bricop stands at the forefront of the construction and home improvement industries as a dynamic B2B and B2C marketplace. By harnessing advanced technology  Bricop simplifies the procurement process  making it easier and more effic ..."
BRIDGECARD  Bridgecard provides banks and fintechs with the infrastructure they need to issue cards to their customers. We provide them with issuing  processing  and card management software. Bridgecard is a card program distributor with bank ...
"BRITICOM Data Centres, Cloud Services, 5G & Telecommunications, Cabling, Data Centres, Telecommunication, Cabinets and Enclosures, Cabling, Connectivity UK Based Manufacturer of Copper Cabling Systems  Fibre Optic Products  Racks and Enclosures – deployed in Datacomms  Data Centres  FTTx & Telecom"
"BROME CONSULTING & TECHNOLOGY Digital Finance, Software Services, Smart Cities, Education Tech, Coding and Development, Operating Systems Development, Web Development, Auditing Solutions, Core Banking Solutions, Developer Tools / Platforms Transform your digital future with BROME  your go-to expert in management consulting  software development  and digital transformation across   and France. With our deep industry insights and cutting-edge solutions  we empow ..."
"BUNTOU Digital Finance, Software Services, Retail Tech, Blockchain & DLT Solutions, Card Issuance and Management, Card Service Card, Cloud Solutions - Private and Public, Core Banking Solutions, E-Payment Solutions, E-Wallets Buntou Smart card : Get your earned wages early! Cover emergencies and essentials without debt. The Africa's only solution empowering 400 millions of hard working people to access their earned wages before payday  so they can co ..."
"BUUR LOGISTICS Future Mobility & Transportation, Blockchain, Big Data / Digitisation / Analytics, Blockchain as a Service (BaaS), Fleet & Logistics Solutions, Last Mile, Mobility As A Service - Maas BUUR LOGISTICS est une plateforme de camionnage (Plus de 3000 prestataires africains) entre des transporteurs routiers et des expéditeurs sur les corridors Maghreb - Afrique de L'Ouest utilisant un réseau de zone de chargements ..."
"C&Q Retail Tech, Networking & Infrastructure, Mobile Accessories & Peripherals, Consumer Tech, Smart Home & Smart Workplace, Cloud Services, Cloud Service Provider - CSP, Desktop as a Service - DaaS, DevOps, Governance & Compliance, Hosting Founded in Sep. 2004  C&Q Technology (Guangzhou) Co.  Ltd. is one of the most innovative and comprehensive High-tech manufacturers in the field of consumer IT and consumer electronics products. Since establishment  we have been ..."
CABLE DEPOT FZCO  Cable Depot FZCO is the leading distributor of low current systems cables and connectivity products based in Jebel Ali Free Zone  Dubai  UAE. Successfully operating since 2001  Cable Depot is ideally situated to supply all the Cab ...
CABO VERDE DIGITAL  Cabo Verde Digital is a platform of the Government of Cabo Verde to strengthen the ICT community and support the creation of the digital ecosystem through training and technological entrepreneurship. Cabo Verde Digital comes forth ...
CACTUS INNOVATION  The system for producing energy from the cactus is an intelligent biodigester that produces methane gas (0.3 m3 of biogas/ Kg of cactus). This biogas is transformed into electrical energy (750 Kcal/ m3 of biogas)  enabling the far ...
"CAISSE NATIONALE DE SECURITE SOCIALE HealthTech, Community Health Services, Government, Healthcare Consultancy Service, Healthcare IT, Laboratory Facilities, Laboratory Technology, Medical Practice Etablissement public de sécurité sociale au  "
"CALLPRO 5G & Telecommunications, Cloud Services, Converged / Unified Communications, Fixed Line Telecommunications, IP Communications & Applications, PABX Equipment & Services, Service Providers, Telecommunication Integration & Equipment Services, Video, Software as a Service - SaaS We help enterprises with highly digital and deeply integrated telecom solutions  accelerating their digital journey while simultaneously expanding Telecom company's suite of enterprise offerings - a strategic partnership with shar ..."
"CAMBISTE Digital Finance, Cyber security, Big Data & Analytics, Analytics as a service, Applications, Artificial Intelligence, Dashboard, Data Analytics, Data Management, Authentication User, Biometric Authentication and PKI Cambiste is the first digital platform dedicated to emerging currencies  focused on real economic transactions over speculation. It stands out by seamlessly integrating currency exchange offices  banks  and customers  facilitating ..."
CAMELOT AGROECOLOGY FARM  An Agroecology and Renewable energy company
"CANINE SAFARIS LTD Software Services, Artificial Intelligence, Content Creation, Machine Learning, Business Process Management, Data Analytics & Automation Canine Safaris Ltd is a registered tour operator with a flagship product Quest Software which is a travel planning software that aims at simplifying the travel planning process for tour operators. Our software aggregates informati ..."
"CANON Digital Finance, Creative Economy, Consumer Tech, Smart Home & Smart Workplace, 5G & Telecommunications, 3D Printing & Printing Services, Communication Equipment, Video, Digital Imaging Equipment, Electronic Equipment & Instruments (Barcode Readers, POS Machines, Etc), Healthcare Electronics Founded in 1937  Canon utilizes imaging technologies to go beyond the rich lineup of our existing products to cultivating new areas of business where our imaging technology can push the boundaries of what is possible. This reaches ..."
"CAPITAL BANKING SOLUTIONS Digital Finance, Asset Management / Personal Finance / Wealth Management, Banking Solutions, Core Banking Solutions, Data Analytics / Big Data / IoT, Digital Lending, E-Payment Solutions, Interoperability / System Integration, Islamic Fintech / Shariya Compliant, Lending / P2P Lending Through our 25 years of experience & expertise  coupled with the contributions of our dedicated R&D department  we have successfully developed and introduced a wide range of innovative products designed to address the needs and ch ..."
"CAPITAL QUANT AGENCY Digital Finance, Software Services, Regulatory Technology, Big Data & Analytics, Analytics as a service, Artificial Intelligence, Business Intelligence, Real-Time Analytics, Big Data / Digitisation / Analytics, RegTech / Audit / Regulatory Compliance Capital Quant Agency is your cutting-edge risk management software solution  compatible on-Cloud or on-Premise infrastructure. Our platform combines AI and Advanced Analytics enabling better informed decision-making  performance ..."
"CAPITAL QUANT AGENCY Digital Finance, Software Services, Regulatory Technology, Big Data & Analytics, Analytics as a service, Artificial Intelligence, Business Intelligence, Real-Time Analytics, Big Data / Digitisation / Analytics, RegTech / Audit / Regulatory Compliance Capital Quant Agency is your cutting-edge risk management software solution  compatible on-Cloud or on-Premise infrastructure. Our platform combines AI and Advanced Analytics enabling better informed decision-making  performance ..."
"CARBOEDGE Unmanned Aerial Vehicles (Drones), Coding and Development, Big Data & Analytics, AgriTech & FoodTech, Adaptive Irrigation, Agri-Data and Analytics, AI & Nutrition, Autonomous systems, Data Management, IoT AgriEdge is a pioneering company in the field of precision agriculture. We offer innovative solutions for the agricultural and agro-industrial sectors  utilizing cutting-edge technologies to optimize yields and promote sustainable ..."
"CARDPAY Digital Finance, Consumer Tech, Smart Home & Smart Workplace, Banking Solutions, Core Banking Solutions, Digital Lending, Digital Payment, E-Payment Solutions, E-Wallets, Payment Gateways, Payments / Wallets / Exchange Gateways CardPay is a B2B2C Fintech operating in the payments vertical. With our partnership with local banks we provide the tech solutions to digitize multiple cash touchpoints based on the use cases. We aim to raise a new generation of ..."
CARI MEDICAL  Cari Medical is a practice management platform with access to pharmacies  laboratories and suppliers for a 5x efficiency gain  3+ hours saved daily and increased revenue. Features: Audio recording of notes to save hours per day S ...
CASABLANCA FINANCE CITY AUTHORITY  Casablanca Finance City (CFC) is an African business hub located at the crossroad of continents. Recognized as the leading financial center in Africa  and partner of the largest financial centers  CFC has built a strong and thriv ...
"CASANET Networking & Infrastructure, Data Centres, Cyber security, Cloud Services, Big Data & Analytics, Applications, Cloud Solutions, Data Analytics, Data back-up, Data Infrastructure With over 25 years of expertise  Casanet is a leading player in  's IT sector  specializing in cutting-edge digital solutions. We guide businesses through their digital transformation journey with services including cloud co ..."
"CASHLESS Digital Finance, Asset Management / Personal Finance / Wealth Management, Banking Solutions, Card Issuance and Management, Card Service Card, Developer Tools / Platforms, Digital Payment, Interoperability / System Integration, Payment Gateways, Payments / Wallets / Exchange Gateways CASHLESS is the fisrt Banking solution with interoperability among banks in the UEMOA region (French countries in West Africa)  leveraging a PUSH & PULL money infrastructure towards banks set up by GSM networks of Mobile Money. Th ..."
"CASHPLUS VENTURES Digital Finance, Retail Tech, Ecommerce, Blockchain, E-Payment Solutions, Banking Solutions, Payments / Wallets / Exchange Gateways, Interoperability / System Integration, eLogistics, E-Wallets CASHPLUS Group is the leading fintech in    with six brands under its umbrella  creating one solid ecosystem. Boasting over 8000 points of sale  including 4000 CASHPLUS POS and 4000 Khadamat retailers  it offers a wide array ..."
"CASINFO Consumer Tech, Smart Home & Smart Workplace, Mobile Accessories & Peripherals, Printing Solutions, Tablets / Laptops, Accessories - Headphones / earphones, USB Gadgets - USB storage devices CASINFO met à la disposition de ses clients une variété étendue d'équipements informatiques  comprenant des imprimantes  des consommables  des accessoires  des ordinateurs portables et de bureau  ainsi que des scanners et des ..."
CATHEDIS  Cathedis is an innovative   company that is revolutionizing the delivery sector in   through its cutting-edge digital platform. Founded in 2018  Cathedis has established itself as the leader in 100% digital delivery  ...
CBI  For 54 years  CBI has been a strategic partner distinguished by its cutting-edge expertise  creativity  and ability to provide effective  tailored solutions to complex needs  making it a reference in high-value-added IT solutions ...
CDG Incubator/Accelerator/Investment CDG is a public financial institution founded in 1959. It plays a major role in the   economy. Its consolidated balance sheet amounted to MAD 339 63 Bn at the end of 2022  representing the equivalent of more than 25% of the ...
CDG DEVELOPPEMENT  CDG Développement is a holding company  created in 2004 to embody the CDG Group’s strategy in Territorial Development activities. The company manages a diversified portfolio of assets and investments in The Kingdom of    ...
"CEEDOW Creative Economy, Ecommerce, Big Data & Analytics, Applications, Arts and crafts, Design, Fashion, Platforms Ceedow is an innovative platform that connects clients with fashion and furniture artisans worldwide for custom creations  all managed entirely remotely. The platform allows clients to submit photos of their desired items  then re ..."
CENTRAL BANK OF MOROCCO  In addition to the privilege of issuing banknotes and coins in circulation and banking supervision  Bank Al-Maghrib is responsible for the definition and conduct of monetary policy  with price stabi- lity as the core objective. Ba ...
"CERTHON Sustainability & Green Climate - Tech, Software Services, Energy Tech, Artificial Intelligence, AgriTech & FoodTech, Adaptive Irrigation, Aeroponics, Hydroponics, Agricultural Machinery And Equipment, Autonomous systems, Climate-Smart Agriculture Certhon develops  produces  and creates tailor-made solutions  such as high-quality greenhouse projects  indoor farms and robotics. With more than 125 years of experience in horticulture and over a 160 experts  Certhon has all the ..."
CHAPA  What we do Chapa Financial Technologies S.C. is a payment gateway company providing digital payment solutions to merchants and entrepreneurs through secure API integrations. We aim to provide secure  convenient and fast digital ...
"CHARGEL Artificial Intelligence, Future Mobility & Transportation, AI-optimized Hardware, Predictive APIs, Fleet & Logistics Solutions, Sensors Chargel is a leading logistics company in West Africa  pioneering the digital transformation of the transportation industry. Leveraging AI and automated algorithms  we streamline logistics processes for clients  offering a compreh ..."
CHARI  Chari is a B2B e-commerce app with embedded FinTech for mom & pop shops in French Speaking African countries. Our customers are traditional proximity stores and they all have the same roles. Chari allows them to order any consumer ...
"CHARI Digital Finance, Banking Solutions, Card Issuance and Management, Card Service Card, Core Banking Solutions, Digital Lending, Digital Payment, E-Commerce Solutions Chari is a B2B e-commerce app with embedded FinTech for mom & pop shops in French Speaking African countries. Our customers are traditional proximity stores and they all have the same roles. Chari allows them to order any consumer ..."
CHARI MONEY  Chari Money is a FinTech based in  . It holds a payment institution license delivered by the   Central Bank. It offers a suite of financial products for traditional proximity stores that are usually not banked . Char ...
"CHICO PLUS Digital Finance, Digital Lending Chico Plus é uma plataforma financeira vocacionada a gestão da Banca de Microfinanças. Uma solução na Cloud  escalável  confiável que automatiza os processos de negócios em um ambiente integrado  com alto nível de seguran ..."
"CHIPCHIP.SOCIAL Sustainability & Green Climate - Tech, Retail Tech, Ecommerce, AgriTech & FoodTech, Agricultural Marketplaces, Data Management, Food Losses & Waste, Supply Chain Management, eCommerce Software, Supply Chain Solutions ChipChip is an interactive virtual marketplace at the crossroads between increased affordability and communal shopping experiences. Its unique ‘group buying’ model is inspired by China’s Pinduoduo  the fastest-growing e-comm ..."
"CHIRAGH EDUCATION TECHNOLOGIES Creative Economy, Gaming, Education Tech, Coding and Development, Collaborative learning and technology, Content development and design, Educational Support & Other Service, Game Based Learning Programs & Simulations, Learning Improvement Tech & Devices, STEAM Education & Robotics Chiragh aims to achieve a parha likha (Literate) Pakistan by delivering decolonized education in Pakistani languages through cartoons and non-digital games. The cartoons are delivered via our youtube channels: - Chiragh Kids TV - ..."
"CHOETECH Consumer Tech, Smart Home & Smart Workplace, Mobile Accessories & Peripherals, Power Banks, Accessories - Chargers, Accessories - Headphones / earphones, Accessories - Power Banks, USB Gadgets - USB chargers, Wearables - Smart watches Since its launch in 2012  Choetech has earned recognition from producers in the industry  and is now one of the leading global providers for premier mobile accessories  especially in wireless charging field. With a solidified repu ..."
"CHUANWEI Consumer Tech, Smart Home & Smart Workplace, Electronic Equipment & Instruments (Barcode Readers, POS Machines, Etc), Electronic Components (Connection Devices, Electron Tubes, Etc), Office Automation & Equipment, Smart Security Founded in 2004  Chuanwei has more than 300 employees. At the same time  it has a core technical backbone composed of experienced professional in the field of electronic applications and automation control  as well as a number of ..."
"CIH BANK Cloud Services, Big Data & Analytics, Cloud Management Platform, Cybersecurity Cent ans d’histoire et une capacité à se réinventer exemplaire. CIH BANK a su se positionner au fil des années comme étant une banque universelle pionnière dans le digital. En effet  depuis sa création  la banque a su dé ..."
"CIO AFRICA Sustainability & Green Climate - Tech, HealthTech, Cloud Services, Big Data & Analytics, Artificial Intelligence, Cloud Solutions, Data Infrastructure, Content Delivery & Management, Customer Relationship Management - CRM, Infrastructure as a Service - IaaS For 17 years  dx5 has been a pivotal force in the realms of publishing and technology marketing in Africa  deeply embedding ourselves in the fabric of the continent’s tech industry. Our extensive experience has furnished us with ..."
CIS INTEGRATION  CIS Group is a leading ICT information systems integrator with a diversified portfolio of ITC solutions and services  with 53 offices across 33 countries. With strategic partners including Oracle  HPE  Microsoft  Cisco  Huawei  Op ...
"CISCO Networking & Infrastructure, Cyber security, Cloud Security, Phishing, Ransomware, Data Management Technology, Enterprise Software Application, Gateways, Load Balancers, Monitoring & Management Tools Cisco (Nasdaq: CSCO) is the worldwide technology leader that securely connects everything to make anything possible. Our purpose is to power an inclusive future for all by helping our customers reimagine their applications  power ..."
CITIZEN SYSTEMS EUROPE GMBH  Citizen Systems Europe is a wholly owned subsidiary of the Japanese Citizen Group. Recognised and respected for its high level of experience in advanced technology and innovative solutions  Citizen is famous for its watches  print ...
"CITRIX-CSG Cyber security, Cloud Services, Analyst, Analytics, Applications including Development, Deployment & Design, Big Data & Analytics, Business Continuity, Back-up & Disaster Recovery, Cloud Management & Optimisation, Cloud Management Platform, Cloud Service Provider - CSP Citrix Systems  Inc. is an American multinational cloud computing and virtualization technology company. We provide server  application  and desktop virtualization  networking  software as a service (SaaS)  and cloud computing tec ..."
"CLEVERLYTICS Artificial Intelligence, Autonomous Vehicles / Systems, Chatbots / Virtual Assistant, Computer Vision, Facial / Iris Recognition, Machine Learning, Natural Language Generation (NLG), Natural Language Processing (NLP), Neural Networks, Optical character recognition (OCR) Cleverlytics is an AI and Data Science company  UM6P spinoff  that helps its customers to develop AI & Analytics solutions  through service and technology. Cleverlytics is at the frontier between an AI Lab and a Consulting Company ..."
"CLICKAPPORTER Ecommerce, Retail Tech, eCommerce Software, eLogistics, ERP / Business Management, Platforms, Supply Chain Solutions, E-commerce & M-commerce - E-Commerce Platforms, E-commerce & M-commerce - Mobile Commerce, E-commerce & M-commerce - Multi-Channel Solutions Clickapporter is an Amazon contracted partner & operates B2B and B2C cross-border ecommerce platforms in  . We have signed a first of its kind agreement with Amazon that allows us to integrate our proprietary technology wi ..."
"CLINIC HOME Digital Finance, HealthTech, Consumer Tech, Smart Home & Smart Workplace, Healthcare Electronics, Fund Raising and Investment, Community Health Services, Healthcare Consultancy Service, Healthcare Investor, Healthcare IT, Laboratory Facilities Clinic Home is a virtual hospital for African countries offering home doctor  family medicine and telemedicine services. This service allows Africans to access quality care at a lower cost: while relieving congestion in hospitals. ..."
CLINIDO  CliniDo is a Health-Tech Startup that acts as the Healthcare Companion for the patients supporting them throughout their healthcare journey by connecting them with the appropriate healthcare providers based on their symptoms. Cli ...
CLINIFY  Africa’s only centralized and standardized EMR System that enable providers submit health insurance claims directly to HMOs while processing payments.
CLOUDERA  At Cloudera  we believe data can make what is impossible today  possible tomorrow. We empower people to transform data anywhere into trusted enterprise AI so they can reduce costs and risks  increase productivity  and accelerate b ...
"CLOUDFRET Smart Cities, Ecommerce, Data Centres, Coding and Development, Artificial Intelligence, Mobility & Transport, Transportation, Planning and Optimization, Artificial Intelligence, eLogistics Cloudfret is the   leader in technological solutions developed for the logistics and transportation sector. We offer a dynamic freight marketplace powered by an innovative mobile app that connects carriers and shippers seam ..."
CLOUDTDMS  Join us in creating a world where data works for you  not against you. CloudTDMS is designed for any business that handles sensitive data  such as telecom  healthcare  finance  and insurance. With CloudTDMS  users can create test ...
"COAMANA AgriTech & FoodTech, Agri-Data and Analytics Established in 2018 Coamana tackles inefficiencies in African agricultural trade through Amana Market  a SaaS solution for market leaders. Amana Market digitizes trade  offering: Market Management: SaaS tools for leaders to mana ..."
"CODESCASTLE SOFTWARE Software Services, HealthTech, Education Tech, Ecommerce, Coding and Development, Artificial Intelligence, Backend Development, Cloud Computing, Devops, Frontend Development Codescastle Software is a one-stop IT development company. It is a dynamic and innovative software development company specializing in creating cutting-edge solutions for businesses worldwide. With a focus on delivering high-quali ..."
"CODETRADE INDIA PVT. LTD Software Services, Education Tech, Ecommerce, Coding and Development, Artificial Intelligence, Chatbots / Virtual Assistant, Content Creation, Data Extraction, Deep Learning Platforms, Machine Learning CodeTrade is both a software development company and a corporate entity focused on enterprise software solutions tailored to optimize your business. Dedicated to digital innovation  we craft cutting-edge custom software to empower ..."
"COFE Smart Cities, Networking & Infrastructure, Internet of Things (IOT), Consumer Tech, Smart Home & Smart Workplace, 5G & Telecommunications, Broadband Services, Mobile Telecommunications & 5G, Automation & IoT, Home Appliances, In-Vehicle Electronics Based in India with its main office located in New Delhi  COFE: ""Peace for Life"" operates within the realm of internet technology  particularly focusing on its utilization in security and monitoring contexts. By expanding into mul ..."
COLAN INFOTECH PRIVATE LIMITED  Colan Infotech is among the 50 fastest growing companies” according to Silicon India. With a wide range of technology expertise under our belt  starting from mobile  web technologies  AI all the way to Blockchain solutions – ...
"COLIS.MA Smart Cities, Mobility & Transport Colis.ma streamlines cross-border logistics between Africa and Europe by connecting individuals and SMEs with international transporters. Our unique approach integrates affordable delivery solutions  leveraging a network of partne ..."
"COLORFOL Media, Marketing & Advertising Tech, Audio, Pod Casts & Video Marketing, Distribution, Media Publishing COLORFOL is a comprehensive platform for African music  addressing specific challenges of artists and fans. It aims to overcome technological barriers  offering an immersive mobile and web experience. For artists  it's an ecosyste ..."
"COMMSCOPE SOLUTIONS INTERNATIONAL, INC. Smart Cities, Networking & Infrastructure, Data Centres, Cloud Services, 5G & Telecommunications, Broadband Services, Cabling, Communication Equipment, Data Centres, Fixed Line Telecommunications CommScope helps companies around the world design  build and manage their wired and wireless networks. Our network infrastructure solutions help customers increase bandwidth; maximize existing capacity; improve network performance ..."
"COMPUTER CENTER Cloud Services, Software Services, Customer Relationship Management - CRM, Enterprise Resource Planning - ERP, Business Intelligence Solutions, CRM (Customer Relationship Management) Software, ERP (Enterprise Resource Planning) Software We are a Polish company with 30 years of experience  cooperating with hundreds of companies in Poland and abroad. Being open to the world  we observe the world open to us. Nowadays  it is possible to meet online  which allows us t ..."
COMSTOR  Westcon-Comstor is a global technology provider and specialist distributor with annual revenues that exceed US$4 billion. Operating in more than 70 countries  we work with leading vendors to bring solutions to market through a cha ...
"COMTECH FZCO Digital Finance, Incubator/Accelerator/Investment, Retail Tech, Energy Tech, Blockchain, Crypto Trading / Investment, Cryptocurrency/ ICOs/ STOs / Tokens, Decentralised Finance, Infrastructure and  Development, Loyalty ComTech specializes in Tokenization and Digitalization of Real-World Assets like Gold  Silver  Etc.  It has combined the benefits of gold with the advantages of blockchain allowing global users to invest in Gold conveniently. Comt ..."
"CONCENTRIX Education Tech, Ecommerce, Cloud Services, Artificial Intelligence, 5G & Telecommunications, Billing / OSS / BSS, Communication Equipment, Mobile Telecommunications & 5G, Telecommunication Integration & Equipment Services, Video We create game-changing customer journeys that help brands grow  across the world and into the future. We understand customers better than anyone else can. Within billions of data-points  our engineers find and harness the insigh ..."
"CONNECTNOW UK LIMITED Incubator/Accelerator/Investment, Internet of Things (IOT), HealthTech, Ecommerce, Artificial Intelligence, Chatbots / Virtual Assistant, Machine Learning, Speech Recognition, Artificial Intelligence, Cloud Services Elevate your customer support with ConnectNow - the ultimate AI-powered chat solution! Our intelligent platform ensures every customer is perfectly matched with an expert agent via smart routing. Boost efficiency with canned respo ..."
"CONVENE Sustainability & Green Climate - Tech, Cyber security, Cloud Services, Software as a Service - SaaS, Governance & Compliance, Cloud Security, Cybersecurity, Data Governance, Risk & Compliance, Energy Management & Sustainability, ESG Business Services - Platform With clients in over 100 countries  Azeus is a global software product business empowering thousands of organizations with digital corporate governance solutions such as  Convene—the leading board portal software that enables di ..."
"CONXHUB Networking & Infrastructure, Ecommerce, Consumer Tech, Smart Home & Smart Workplace, Cloud Services, 5G & Telecommunications, Converged / Unified Communications, Fixed Line Telecommunications, IP Communications & Applications, Mobile Telecommunications & 5G, PABX Equipment & Services ConXhub aids Mobile Operators (MVNOs) in revamping Cellular Voice Networks. Amid VoIP challenges like call quality  we offer innovative solutions. Our services include multi-numbering options and mobile PBX for efficient call mana ..."
"CORAIL Cloud Services, Analyst, Software as a Service - SaaS Corail stands out as a pioneer of Brainshoring  a cutting-edge technology for data research and analysis. We provide high-quality data and insights to guide your strategic decisions. Whether it's clients in retail  government  or ..."
"CORELIGHT Cyber security, Digital Forensics & Incident Response, Intrusion Detection & Penetration Testing, Network & Infrastructure Security, Operations Security, Security Architecture & Design, Telecommunication & Network Security Corelight transforms network and cloud activity into evidence so that data-first defenders can stay ahead of ever-changing attacks. Delivered by our Open NDR Platform  Corelight’s comprehensive  correlated evidence gives you unp ..."
"COROSOLS Internet of Things (IOT), Smart Cities, Artificial Intelligence, IoT Solutions, Robotics, Building Technology & Innovation, Building Services, Management & Consulting, Smart Hardware Technology - Robotics, Urban Planning Developers, Consultancy & Project Management, Smart Building & Infrastructure & Materials COROSOLS focuses on developing an AI-powered BIM Layout Printing Robot for Highly Efficient Construction. Its relevance lies in addressing significant financial  energy  and materials losses attributed to construction rework  with ..."
COUNTRY TECHNOLOGIE  One of the leading distributor of intelligent electronic security and network solutions in  . Since its creation in 2006  Country Tech was able to achieve strong growth in   through the good quality of its services and ...
"CPI MEDIA GROUP Software Services, Future Mobility & Transportation, Cyber security, Big Data & Analytics, Artificial Intelligence, AI-optimized Hardware, Articulated Robots, Autonomous Mobile Robots (AMRs), Autonomous Vehicles / Systems, Chatbots / Virtual Assistant CPI Media Group has led the publishing  marketing  communications and events industries in the Middle East since inception in 2001.CPI Media Group helps more than 1 000 local  regional and international brand partners reach their ..."
"CRAWLO DATA INTELLIGENCE LTD Software Services, Retail Tech, Ecommerce, eCommerce Software, Platforms, Data & Analytics - Big Data Analytics & Insights, Data & Analytics - Business Intelligence, E-commerce & M-commerce - Content Management Systems, E-commerce & M-commerce - E-Commerce Platforms, E-commerce & M-commerce - Product Search & Discovery Crawlo is a state-of-the-art eCommerce data provider that caters to marketplaces  dropshippers  and retail businesses alike. It enhances eCommerce operations by assisting companies in selecting the ideal products for their platfor ..."
"CREASKALE Creative Economy, Advertising, Arts and crafts, Computer Games, Design, Electronic Publishing, Fashion, Film, Music, Performing Arts Creaskale is a global championship for content creators  blending e-gaming with traditional social media. It’s a mobile app that makes content creation more competitive and fair. Creators compete in 1 vs 1 viral challenges  with ..."
"CRITICAL SPOT Artificial Intelligence, Data Extraction, Deep Learning Platforms, Machine Learning, Neural Networks, Pattern Recognition, Planning and Optimization We utilize artificial intelligence to locate the most promising gold and critical mineral deposits. Our process begins by analyzing remote sensing data to identify potential targets. Subsequently  our algorithms evaluate collected ..."
"CROSSWARE EMAIL SIGNATURE Software Services, Smart Cities, Media, Marketing & Advertising Tech, Cloud Services, Coding and Development, Digital Marketing, Branding & Design, Professional Services, Software as a Service - SaaS, Enterprise Applications Crossware Email Signature management is the world-leading solution for email signatures for Microsoft 365 (formerly known as Office 365)  Microsoft Exchange  and HCL Domino. Centrally managed and controlled from the Crossware plat ..."
"CRYPTR 200 Cyber security, Authentication User, Biometric Authentication and PKI, Security Credentials Cryptr is a plug-and-play B2B authentication platform that allows SaaS to manage and deploy all their authentication strategies like Single Sign On  automated user provisioning with Directory Sync  TOTP  magic link and much more w ..."
CYBER KNIGHT TECHNOLOGIES FZ LLC  CyberKnight Technologies is a cybersecurity focused value-added-distributor (VAD)  headquartered in Dubai  covering the Middle East with on-the-ground presence in Saudi Arabia and all key Middle East markets. Our ZTX (Zero Trust S ...
CYBER SECURITY COUNCIL  The Cabinet of the UAE formed the Cyber Security Council in 2020 to support the UAE's commitment to achieving a safer digital transformation. It is headed by H.E. Dr. Mohammed Hamad Al Kuwaiti and comprises a variety of federal an ...
"CYNOIA Software Services, Cloud Services, Artificial Intelligence, Planning and Optimization, Predictive APIs, Software as a Service - SaaS, Business Process Management Cynoia is a Franco-Tunisian startup in its seed stage  operating in the B2B collaboration software market with a team of 30 passionate individuals. Our all-in-one platform centralizes communication and collaboration tools to addre ..."
CYPHERLEAK  Our platform is an AI powered SaaS cyber risk monitoring  scoring and remediation platform specifically catering to SMEs. Based on the domain name of any company  our platform can automatically monitor the company's leaked data an ...
"D.ONE SAS Mobile Accessories & Peripherals, Consumer Tech, Smart Home & Smart Workplace, 5G & Telecommunications, Communication Equipment, Fixed Line Telecommunications, IP Communications & Applications, Mobile Telecommunications & 5G, Telecommunication Integration & Equipment Services, Wireless, Audio Systems & Equipment D.One is a French company that distributes a mobile top-up service  valid in France and in over 140 countries  to nearly 1 000 points of sale via a digital platform. Our experience in the telecommunications industry allows us to ..."
"DABA FINANCE Digital Finance, Artificial Intelligence, Artificial Intelligence, Asset Management / Personal Finance / Wealth Management, Developer Tools / Platforms, E-Wallets, Fund Raising and Investment, Islamic Fintech / Shariya Compliant, Online Trading Software, Payments / Wallets / Exchange Gateways Daba is a unified investment and financing platform for Africa helping individuals and businesses make high quality investments in Africa and emerging markets. Daba is Africa's multi-asset investment and financing protocol and is ..."
"DABIDA CORP. Smart Cities, Education Tech, Digital Health Solutions, Smart Hardware Technology - Robotics, Smart Services, Artificial Intelligence & IOT, Assessment and testing, Coaching and mentoring, Collaborative learning and technology, EdTech & Smart Classroom Solution GENICLASS and GENIPEN revolutionize distance learning with their user-friendly interface. Powered by WebRTC and WebBLE  GENICLASS seamlessly connects with various ICT devices and operates smoothly across all platforms  eliminating ..."
"DACIA Smart Cities, Low-Emission & Electric Vehicles Dacia is an automobile manufacturer owned by the French multinational corporation Groupe Renault. It is well-known for producing affordable and reliable vehicles  including compact cars  sedans  and SUVs. Dacia has gained popul ..."
"DAIN LEADERS CO.,LTD.  - Dain Leaders is the leading edutech company with exploiting AI  metaverse  blockchain  as well as healthcare with digital medication solution. We provide integrated support such as business discovery  plan establishment/implem ..."
"DAMANESIGN Digital Finance, Blockchain, Identity / Trust / Authentication Damanesign est un Prestataire de Services de Confiance qui offre des solutions de confiance  souveraines et sécurisées dans le but de répondre à la fois aux besoins des organismes à la recherche de moyens digitalisés pour fi ..."
DASHY  Innovative “All-in-One” payment service  which allows small merchants to accept electronic payments
DATAFAS  Small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) in   face difficulties in finding solutions that are both tailored to their size and compliant with   legislation. Unlike larger companies that use ERPs  SMEs are often left w ...
"DATAI Software Services, Media, Marketing & Advertising Tech, Cloud Services, Big Data & Analytics, Artificial Intelligence, AI-optimized Hardware, Chatbots / Virtual Assistant, Content Creation, Analytics as a service, Artificial Intelligence DATAI is at the forefront of AI-driven digital marketing innovation  offering tools that automate content generation  provide real-time analytics  and deliver personalized campaigns. Our platform enhances user engagement and optim ..."
DATALOGIC SRL  Datalogic is a global technology leader in the automatic data capture and factory automation markets  specialized in the designing and production of bar code readers  mobile computers  sensors for detection  measurement and safety ...
DATAPROTECT  DATAPROTECT's 360° approach to cybersecurity provides a comprehensive and multi-layered defense mechanism tailored to safeguard organizations from a wide array of cyber threats. Its services ranges from: - CyberSOC/CSIRT: The SOC ...
"DATATIKA Smart Manufacturing, Incubator/Accelerator/Investment, Coding and Development, Big Data & Analytics, Artificial Intelligence, Chatbots / Virtual Assistant, Content Creation, Data Extraction, Machine Learning, Planning and Optimization DATA & TECH TO EMPOWER YOUR BUSINESS AND AMPLIFY YOUR COMPETITIVE EDGE. Operations and Projects Managers spend valuable time collecting  processing  and manually displaying data on whiteboards for performance reviews. This daily ..."
"DATOLINK Networking & Infrastructure, Data Centres, 5G & Telecommunications, Cabling, Communication Equipment, Data Centres, Telecommunication Integration & Equipment Services, Cabinets and Enclosures, Cabling, Data Centre Infrastructure Management Datolink Ltd was founded in the January of 2007 by several engineers  who have had many years of working experience in fiber optical as well as in structured cabling industry. Datolink is a high technology oriented c ..."
"DAWA MKONONI HealthTech, Ecommerce, Supply Chain Solutions, Dealers and Distributors Healthcare, Other Business Dawa Mkononi is an innovative e-pharmacy startup in Tanzania focused on improving healthcare access by streamlining the pharmaceutical supply chain. Our platform connects healthcare providers with suppliers  facilitating quick and ..."
DB SERVICES GROUP  DBS GROUP is a start-up specialized in international transport and logistics. We are setting up a web application to solve one of the biggest challenges in Africa: the transboundary transport and delivery of goods. This applicatio ...
"DBS GROUP Incubator/Accelerator/Investment, Smart Cities, Future Mobility & Transportation, Ecommerce, Data Centres, Supply Chain Solutions, Web App, Design and Development, Mobility & Transport, Transport Infrastructure, Transportation DBS GROUP is a start-up specialized in international transport and logistics. We are setting up a web application to solve one of the biggest challenges in Africa: the transboundary transport and delivery of goods. This applicatio ..."
"DEALKHIR Retail Tech, Ecommerce, Cloud Services, Blockchain, Artificial Intelligence, Predictive APIs, Loyalty, Software as a Service - SaaS, Artificial Intelligence, Web App, Design and Development Dealkhir revolutionizes CSR with our Donation-as-a-Service platform  seamlessly integrating charitable giving into business transactions to enhance customer loyalty and brand value. Our platform enables micro-donations at checkout ..."
DEEPECHO  Deepecho  a   startup in the Healthcare sector  revolutionizes fetal ultrasound with AI and Deep Learning. It mimics trained sonographers  aiding radiologists and clinicians in diagnosing via ultrasound  targeting birth def ...
"DEEPECHO Internet of Things (IOT), HealthTech, Cloud Services, Big Data & Analytics, Artificial Intelligence, Computer Vision, Data Extraction, Machine Learning, Natural Language Processing (NLP), Neural Networks Deepecho  a   startup in the Healthcare sector  revolutionizes fetal ultrasound with AI and Deep Learning. It mimics trained sonographers  aiding radiologists and clinicians in diagnosing via ultrasound  targeting birth def ..."
"DEEPLEAF Unmanned Aerial Vehicles (Drones), Artificial Intelligence, AgriTech & FoodTech, Agri-Data and Analytics, Agriculture 4.0 (Crop Production and Livestock), AI & Nutrition, Autonomous systems, Climate-Smart Agriculture, Controlled environment systems, Digital control systems DeepLeaf is a leader in AgriTech  offering AI-driven solutions for early plant disease detection and pest management using Deep Learning and Robotics. Our platform integrates advanced AI algorithms  geospatial data  and satellite ..."
DEEPLEAF.IO  DeepLeaf is a pioneering deep learning-driven agricultural lab  focused on enhancing farming resilience against climate change. Our advanced AI  DeepLeafNet  achieves 99% accuracy in early disease detection and nutrient deficiency ...
"DEEPNRISE Smart Manufacturing, Factory Automation, Industrial Software & Process Optimization Deepnrise revolutionizes plant performance with our all-in-one daily management system. Addressing the critical issue of productivity loss 20-30% daily due to inadequate tools for visualizing performance gaps and solving issues. D ..."
"DEFENDIS Cyber security, Artificial Intelligence, Data Extraction, Machine Learning, Natural Language Processing (NLP), Data Governance, Risk & Compliance, Digital Forensics & Incident Response, Ransomware Defendis is a startup developing AI-powered cybersecurity solutions  enabling organisations to proactively neutralise cyberattacks. Our Threat Intelligence Platform is designed for ease of use and seamless collaboration with an a ..."
DEFENDIS  Defendis is a startup developing AI-powered cybersecurity solutions  enabling organisations to proactively neutralise cyberattacks. Our Threat Intelligence Platform is designed for ease of use and seamless collaboration with an a ...
"DELOITTE Cyber security, Anti-spam, Anti-Malware & Anti-Virus & Email Security, Application Control, Application integration and infrastructure, Application Security, Testing & Control, Applied Security, Authentication User, Biometric Authentication and PKI, Business Continuity & Disaster Recovery Planning, Cloud Security, Cryptography Deloitte   Cyber Center  part of Deloitte's global network  leads in fortifying the cybersecurity posture  protection  and resilience for our clients in Africa  Europe  and beyond. Our center offers 24/7 cutting-edge servic ..."
"DENODO - FASTCUBE Cyber security, Cloud Services, Coding and Development, Big Data & Analytics, Artificial Intelligence, Machine Learning, Apache Kafka, Apache Spark, Artificial Intelligence, Business Intelligence Denodo is a leader in data management. The award-winning Denodo Platform is the leading data integration  management  and delivery platform using a logical approach to enable self-service BI  data science  hybrid/multi-cloud data ..."
DEPAN-APP  Dépan-App is the first 100% Mauritanian digital start-up providing assistance service for roadside assistance  towing and car repair at home. Depan-App is a mobile application and call service available 24 hours a day. Behind thi ...
"DEVDREAMUS, INC  Makers of Grand Hajwalah  Frayful  and multiple other games  with a mission to bring top-level entertainment to the gamers."
"DEXICONN GLOBAL ELECTRONICS FZCO Networking & Infrastructure, Mobile Accessories & Peripherals, Energy Tech, Cyber security, Consumer Tech, Smart Home & Smart Workplace, Audio Systems & Equipment, Automation & IoT, Computer and Mobile Hardware, Storage & Peripherals, Headphones, Home Appliances Dexiconn is your gateway to digital distribution excellence  empowering businesses by offering trailed services and solutions across the MEA region. We Strive to optimize efficiency  maximize value & ensure security in every trans ..."
"DGSSI 3D Printing & Printing Services, Design & Product Development - 3D Mapping, Design & Product Development - Drawing & Document Management he General Directorate of Information Systems Security (DGSSI) is the   national authority that coordinates interdepartmental actions related to the development and implementation of the National Strategy for Information Sy ..."
"DIBET Media, Marketing & Advertising Tech, Audio, Pod Casts & Video Marketing, Branding & Design, Digital Marketing, Distribution, Sports Dibet Technology founded in 2015 and headquartered in Shenzhen  Guangdong  China. We are an innovative high-tech enterprise integrating the design  R&D  production and sales of smart wearable devices. Dibet masters core smart w ..."
"DIGIFIED Digital Finance, Blockchain, Identity / Trust / Authentication Digified  Egypt's first licensed startup in Digital Identity verification (e-kyc). Digified helps financial and digital businesses to on-board their clients remotely in 7 MENA markets  with use cases extending from B2B to B2G. P ..."
"DIGILEO Digital Finance, Software Services, Cyber security, Cloud Services, Coding and Development, Software as a Service - SaaS, Enterprise Applications, Authentication User, Biometric Authentication and PKI, Cryptography, Identity / Trust / Authentication Building and delivering digital trust products & services for enterprises  governments and Trust Service Providers (TSP). We provide e-security products compliant with regulatory framework (Law 43-20) and focusing on high-trust ..."
"DIGILEO Digital Finance, Software Services, Cyber security, Cloud Services, Coding and Development, Software as a Service - SaaS, Enterprise Applications, Authentication User, Biometric Authentication and PKI, Cryptography, Identity / Trust / Authentication Building and delivering digital trust products & services for enterprises  governments and Trust Service Providers (TSP). We provide e-security products compliant with regulatory framework (Law 43-20 and eIDAS) and focusing on h ..."
"DIGISHARE Software Services, Retail Tech, Media, Marketing & Advertising Tech, Ecommerce, eCommerce Software, eLogistics, ERP / Business Management, Automation, Brand Safety, Broadcasting THE READY-TO-USE SAAS PLATFORM FOR SEAMLESS COMMUNICATION. DIGISHARE PROVIDES INTERACTIVE CUSTOMER JOURNEYS FOR MARKETING  SALES  AND SUPPORT ON WHATSAPP. - PERSONALIZE YOUR CAMPAIGNS BASED ON TRIGGERS AND ACTIONS. - SEND NOTIFIC ..."
DIGITADIS  Ware revolutionizing the   real estate & hospitality industries while championing social  economic  and environmental sustainability. As the ultimate one-stop-shop for all professionals navigating the dynamic landscape of b ...
DIGITAL AFRICA  Digital Africa is a subsidiary of Proparco designed as “One Stop Shop” for tech entrepreneurs in early-stage in Africa.
"DIGITAL IT Media, Marketing & Advertising Tech, Education Tech, Cyber security, Big Data & Analytics, Streaming Analytics, Application Control, Application integration and infrastructure, Virtual classroom technology and services, Interactive Marketing Distributeur  intégrateur de solutions professionnelles   affichage dynamique  audiovisuelles   collaboration et visioconférence. Distributeur officiel d'écrans à usage professionnels - SAMSUNG - LG Ecrans LED - Salle de contr ..."
DIGITAL TRANSFORMATION OF BENIN  The Digital Transformation Centre (DTC) in Benin is part of a global initiative by the German government to support local innovation in partner countries. In Benin  the CTD through the Beninnovation project supports the developmen ...
"DIGITAL VIRGO Media, Marketing & Advertising Tech, Gaming, 5G & Telecommunications, Billing / OSS / BSS, Service Providers, Game Design / Creation, Mobile Gaming, AdTech Digital Virgo Group is a key partner for Telecom Operators  expert in payment & monetization. Our suite of solutions includes a robust payment management platform and a portfolio of trendy and high-value services across various ve ..."
DIGITIS  Digitis  a trailblazing tech and women-led company  specializes in providing tailored services and solutions to meet the unique needs of our clients and partners. From software development and web development to IT consulting and ...
DIGIWEARIT MOROCCO  Digiwearit is a cutting-edge technology company specializing in Virtual Try-On services for glasses  jewelry  and makeup. We leverage the latest advancements in augmented reality (AR) and computer vision to provide customers with ...
DISKLOSURE  Disklosure is a sustainability software company. Disklosure has a software suite dedicated to ESG for the global market  and a software suite dedicated to HSE for the African market. Disklosure counts a mining operator with arou ...
"DISTRIPHA Software Services, HealthTech, Big Data & Analytics, Business Intelligence, Data Analytics, Dealers and Distributors Healthcare, Healthcare Consultancy Service, Healthcare IT, Data Analytics & Automation, Procurement Software Distripha is an advanced planification solution for pharmaceutical products distribution. It optimizes order and inventory planning using an intelligent algorithm without changing the user's current management software. Pharmacies ..."
"DISTY TECHNOLOGIES Consumer Tech, Smart Home & Smart Workplace, Cloud Services, Blockchain, Enterprise Software / Operating Systems, Gaming, Security / Cybersecurity, Cybersecurity, Storage, Computer and Mobile Hardware, Storage & Peripherals, Headphones It Distributor in  "
"DJOLI Ecommerce, Artificial Intelligence, AgriTech & FoodTech, Agri-Data and Analytics, Agricultural Marketplaces, Data Management, Data Extraction, Machine Learning, Natural Language Processing (NLP), eCommerce Software Djoli is an intelligent food procurement platform that leverages technology to offer a reliable source of high-quality products for HoReCas  transforming their operations and enhancing customer satisfaction. Our digital platform p ..."
"DNA CORPORATION HealthTech, Big Data & Analytics, Artificial Intelligence, Deep Learning Platforms, Machine Learning, Analytics as a service, Data Analytics, Dealers and Distributors Healthcare, Government, Healthcare Consultancy Service DNA Corporation was founded with a goal of utilizing AI-powered DNA data informatics to enhance the life of children and brighten their future. Company’s current focus is releasing ADHD BANK (ADHD genetic testing kit) that will ..."
"DOCDIALY Internet of Things (IOT), HealthTech, Cloud Services, Artificial Intelligence, Chatbots / Virtual Assistant, Content Creation, Real time translation, Speech Recognition, Cloud Management & Optimisation, Colocation We are start-up dedicated to new web and mobile technologies with expertise in digital medical practice. With a team of experts in information systems & infrastructure  cybersecurity and developers Our team digitalizes the pr ..."
DOCLINE  Docline is the leading enterprise Healthtech Platform in Spain  and it has an international presence in   and Latin America. The company offers an all-in-one solution and API-first technology for managing all Digital Care wo ...
DOCTORI  Doctori.ma  digital platform designed to improve the health care pathway and facilitate communication between patients and healthcare professionals.
DOIT INTERNATIONAL FRANCE SAS  DoiT International works with cloud-driven companies globally to help simplify how they consume cloud. With the technology and expertise to buy  manage  and optimize multicloud usage and costs  DoiT delivers procurement advantage  ...
"DOJAH INC Digital Finance, Cyber security, Big Data & Analytics, Artificial Intelligence, Data Extraction, Data Governance, Compliance & Security, Data Governance, Risk & Compliance, E-KYC, E-Wallets Fraud Prevention Infrastructure for Africa"
"DOLPHIN CONNECT Smart Cities, Internet of Things (IOT), Future Mobility & Transportation, Consumer Tech, Smart Home & Smart Workplace, Automation & IoT, In-Vehicle Electronics, ADAS or Advanced Driver Assistance Systems Camera System, ADAS or Advanced Driver Assistance Systems ECU, ADAS or Advanced Driver Assistance Systems LIDAR, ADAS or Advanced Driver Assistance Systems Sonar We are an end-to-end service provider and producer in FMS and Connected Car solutions. With extensive experience in solution design across 11 segments for various types of fleets  we offer a platform for FMS and Connected Car serv ..."
"DOM-GREEN ENERGY Smart Manufacturing, Sustainability & Green Climate - Tech, Smart Cities, Energy Tech, AgriTech & FoodTech, Renewable Energy, Wind Energy, Low-Emission & Electric Vehicles, Energy Management & Sustainability D-GE specializes in designing  developing  and manufacturing innovative wind turbines. The technology offers clean and sustainable solutions for public lighting and personal/domestic use. The company prioritizes eco-friendly pract ..."
"DRC SYSTEMS INDIA LIMITED Blockchain, Artificial Intelligence, Big Data / Digitisation / Analytics, Cloud / IoT / Smart Cities We empower your market scalability by leveraging innovative end-to-end digital methodologies  cutting-edge frameworks  a team of adept software professionals  and state-of-the-art technology. Our track record boasts an impressive ..."
"DROMY Future Mobility & Transportation, Last Mile, Micromobility & E-Mobility Les services proposés par Dromy sont : - Stockage - Préparation de commande - Dispatch via notre outil tech - Last mile - Navette inter Warehouse/HUBS - Transport écologique (Vélos cargos / Vélos triporteurs / Scooter é ..."
"DRONE CAST COMPANY Creative Economy, Space Tech, AgriTech & FoodTech, 5G & Telecommunications, Adaptive Irrigation, Agri-Data and Analytics, Agricultural Machinery And Equipment, Insect farming technologies, IoT, Precision Agriculture We are a company specialized in drone solutions  offering innovative professional services to meet your specific needs. Whether you represent a business  a governmental organization  or are an individual client  we possess the ski ..."
"DRONE&CO Unmanned Aerial Vehicles (Drones), AgriTech & FoodTech, Agri-Data and Analytics, Agricultural Marketplaces, Agriculture 4.0 (Crop Production and Livestock), AI & Nutrition, Autonomous systems, Climate-Smart Agriculture, Controlled environment systems, Precision Agriculture Drone & Co est la première société au   à introduire le nettoyage de façades  de vitres et de toitures à l’aide de drones de pointe."
DSN AI INNOVATIONS LIMITED  DSNai is one of Africa's fastest growing AI Startups  unlocking Generative AI possibilities for the next billion last-mile customers. We're building the most extensive hyperlocal  multimodal  nuanced datasets  models  and APIs  en ...
DUBAI CHAMBER OF DIGITAL ECONOMY  Dubai Chamber of Digital Economy  one of three chambers operating under the umbrella of Dubai Chambers  aims to strengthen Dubai’s position as a global leader in digital economy  attract specialised talent  leading companies and ...
"DUBAI COMPUTER GROUP Retail Tech, Mobile Accessories & Peripherals, Gaming, Consumer Tech, Smart Home & Smart Workplace, 5G & Telecommunications, Broadband Services, Cabling, Video, Wireless, Audio Systems & Equipment Dubai Computer Group (DCG) was founded in August 2007 to represent the interests of the computer Industry in the city of Dubai. Today It has grown to represent over 200 IT companies comprising IT Distributors  Resellers  System In ..."
"DUBAI GOVERNMENT Cyber security, Cloud Services, Big Data & Analytics, Artificial Intelligence, 5G & Telecommunications, Mobile Telecommunications & 5G, Chatbots / Virtual Assistant, Cognitive computing, Deep Learning Platforms, Cloud Solutions Digital Dubai was established by His Highness Sheikh Mohammed Bin Rashid Al Maktoum  Vice-President & Prime Minister of the UAE  and Ruler of Dubai  in June 2021 to develop and oversee the implementation of policies and strategies ..."
"DUBAI INTERNET CITY Big Data & Analytics, Artificial Intelligence, AgriTech & FoodTech, 5G & Telecommunications, 3D Printing & Printing Services, Digitization / services / tool and die making - Data and IT security, protection of intellectual property, Data Centres, Marine Communication Equipment & Services, Mobile Telecommunications & 5G, Digital control systems Dubai Internet City is the MENA region's largest and most advanced Tech ecosystem that was created to foster the growth of the technology and communications sectors. Established in 2000  it serves as a base for global and regio ..."
"DWEERA Sustainability & Green Climate - Tech, Smart Cities, Future Mobility & Transportation, Micromobility & E-Mobility, Mobility As A Service - Maas, Low-Emission & Electric Vehicles, Mobility & Transport, Transport Infrastructure, Energy Management & Sustainability, Mobility & Urbanization - Shared Mobility Linarqa is a dynamic startup that is committed to improving the quality of life for people around the world. Our vision is to create innovative platforms that empower individuals to achieve financial independence and enjoy new exp ..."
"DXC Data Centres, Cyber security, Cloud Services, Coding and Development, Big Data & Analytics, Applications, Artificial Intelligence, Business Intelligence, Cloud Solutions, Dashboard Since 2007  DXC CDG  a joint venture between the global IT services leader and a top institutional investor. We specialize in assisting Vital Institutions by hosting  managing  maintaining  and securing their IT infrastructure to ..."
"DXC-CDG Data Centres, Cyber security, Cloud Services, Coding and Development, Big Data & Analytics, Applications, Artificial Intelligence, Business Intelligence, Cloud Solutions, Dashboard Since 2007  DXC CDG  a joint venture between the global IT services leader and a top institutional investor. We specialize in assisting Vital Institutions by hosting  managing  maintaining  and securing their IT infrastructure to ..."
"DXC-CDG Data Centres, Cyber security, Cloud Services, Coding and Development, Big Data & Analytics, Applications, Artificial Intelligence, Business Intelligence, Cloud Solutions, Dashboard Since 2007  DXC CDG  a joint venture between the global IT services leader and a top institutional investor. We specialize in assisting Vital Institutions by hosting  managing  maintaining  and securing their IT infrastructure to ..."
"DYN IT MAROC Education Tech, Cloud Services, Big Data & Analytics, Artificial Intelligence, Chatbots / Virtual Assistant, Computer Vision, Data Extraction, Deep Learning Platforms, Facial / Iris Recognition, Machine Learning Dyn IT   offre une gamme de services axés sur la transformation digitale et l’intelligence artificielle"
"E-DOC ONLINE Digital Finance, Regulatory Technology, Big Data & Analytics, Analytics as a service, Digital Lending, E-KYC, E-Payment Solutions, Lending / P2P Lending, Open Banking / API, RegTech / Audit / Regulatory Compliance E-doc is developing a Pan African Financial Data Connectivity Infrastructure to address the hurdles related to Credit Assessment and Regulatory Compliance Obligations for Market Access  primarily because financial data is often sc ..."
"E-TECH SERVICES PRIVATE LIMITED Software Services, Smart Cities, HealthTech, Cloud Services, Coding and Development, Open Source, Outsource Development, Professional Services, Software as a Service - SaaS, Backend Development E-Tech Services is a leading IT Solutions Company based in New Delhi NCR region. E-Tech is among the first few to provide full range of MIS and Health Care solutions and services to major development organizations. We specialize i ..."
"EAST APEX GUANGZHOU CO., LTD Consumer Tech, Smart Home & Smart Workplace, Healthcare Electronics, Smart Appliances / Gadgets, Wearables Established in 2021  East Apex is an innovative company oriented Bluetooth smart wearables development and focuses on development of advanced embedded software on the MCU  independently develops core algorithms and APP software fo ..."
EBRD  Since its inception in 2019  the EBRD’s Star Venture programme has supported promising start-ups  accelerators and ecosystem players in the EBRD’s countries of operation to unleash their full potential and scale rapidly. The p ...
"ECOBANK Artificial Intelligence, Digital Finance, Artificial Intelligence, Banking Solutions, Big Data / Digitisation / Analytics, Digital Lending, Emerging Tech, Islamic Fintech / Shariya Compliant, Open Banking / API, Payment Gateways Ecobank Group is the leading private pan-African financial services group with unrivalled African expertise. Present in 35 sub-Saharan African countries  as well as France  the UK  UAE and China  its unique pan-African platform pr ..."
"ECOBIOTECH AgriTech & FoodTech, Agri-Biometrics, Aquaculture novel technologies, Bioreactors, Green Productivity, Land-based aquaculture system, Organic Agriculture, Precision Agriculture, Smart Farming and Connectivity, Soil Plant Health ECOBIOTECH is a company that uses biotechnological processes to solve problems of the contaminated environment  neutralizes the negative impact of industry and introduces biotechnological solutions to the agricultural sector. It e ..."
ECOLE MAROCAINE DES SCIENCES DE L'INGENIEUR (EMSI)  EMSI  a top-tier   engineering institution  delivers academic excellence and highly sought-after graduates. Our programs are designed in close collaboration with industry  ensuring our students are prepared for immediate su ...
ED-ALL  Koolskools focuses on promoting educational innovation through educational technology. Our web platform  www.koolskools.com  and our mobile applications available on the App Store and Google Play Store  we offer teachers  parent ...
"EDEN CARE Education Tech, Big Data & Analytics, Digital Finance, Insurance Solutions, Artificial Intelligence, Digital Payment, Assessment and testing Eden Care provides digital health insurance and wellness services  prioritizing innovation  transparency  and customer satisfaction. Our offerings include comprehensive health coverage for individuals and companies  as well as hol ..."
EDGE MIDDLE EAST  edge serves as the voice for the latest trends  innovations  and developments in the tech world. Building on the 25-year legacy of ITP.net  edge offers an unmatched outlook on how technology is transforming our lives and reshaping ...
EDTRUST  EdTrust is transforming education with innovative tech solutions tailored for schools  teachers  parents  and students. Our flagship product  EdManager  simplifies admin tasks like attendance  grade management  payroll and more  ...
EDUKASKILLS AKADEMY  Notre stratégie se concentre sur l'amélioration des performances et la satisfaction de nos apprenants  en adoptant un modèle d'apprentissage et des méthodes pédagogiques innovants et dynamiques. Notre ambition est de devenir ...
"EGLE INVEST Digital Finance, E-Payment Solutions, E-Wallets, Open Banking / API, Payments / Wallets / Exchange Gateways, Transactional Platforms We are a   startup set to launch our product no later than Q4 2024  with the ambition of being the first company to democratize stock market investment in  . Our approach involves financial education for students and ..."
EGO FOR INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY  A leading Saudi company in the field of information technology and distinguished by providing Smart technology products in directed transportation services. When was Ego established? Ego was established in 2017 with a Saudi vision ...
"ELECTRONICS AND COMPUTER SOFTWARE EXPORT PROMOTION COUNCIL 3D Printing & Printing Services, Design & Product Development - 3D Mapping, Design & Product Development - Digitizing of Components, Digitization / services / tool and die making - Data and IT security, protection of intellectual property, Digitization / services / tool and die making - Digitization and software, Manufacturing preparation / pre-processing - Material handling, storage & logistics, Manufacturing preparation / pre-processing - Metal or Resin 3D Printers Electronics and Computer Software Export Promotion Council (ESC) is India’s apex trade promotion organisation mandated to promote India’s exports of Electronics  Telecom  Computer Software and IT Enabled Services. ESC has bui ..."
ELGAMEYA  ElGameya is a fintech startup that digitizes the ROSCA model through a mobile app solving the hassle of managing traditional cycles  on-time payments  money collection  and default rates. By matching individuals based on their spe ...
"ELISSA DISTRIBUTION SARL Mobile Accessories & Peripherals, Ecommerce, Consumer Tech, Smart Home & Smart Workplace, Blockchain, 5G & Telecommunications, Cabling, Mobile Telecommunications & 5G, PABX Equipment & Services, Video, Cloud / IoT / Smart Cities ELISSA DISTRIBUTION est une Holding constituée de plusieurs entreprises exerçants principalement dans la vente de matériels informatiques  consommables  télécommunications  bureautiques  librairies  sécurités électroniques ..."
ELM  We offer a wide range of ready-made and customized digital solutions in many areas. By availing of our diverse and flexible business models  we ensure providing products that are seemingly tailored to customers' needs and aspirati ...
"ELYTIS Cyber security, Cloud Services, Business Continuity, Back-up & Disaster Recovery, Cloud Management & Optimisation, Cloud Management Platform, Cloud Service Provider - CSP, Cybersecurity, Managed Service Provider - MSP, Public Cloud, Secure Access Service Edge - SASE Elytis is a top-class distributor for more than 20 leading global brands in IT equipment and software. Based in Mauritius with worldwide connectivity  proven skills  industry-approved certification  market acumen and bilingual (F ..."
EMARATECH  emaratech is as part of the Investment Corporate of Dubai  the leading online technology solutions and consulting company in the Arab world
EMIGRANTE CV  Emigrante CV was founded in 2020 by three young entrepreneurs: Nelson Varela  Aquilino Correia  and Éder Correia. This platform was created to assist emigrants in navigating the challenges of the migration process  from pre-emigr ...
"EMIZEN TECH Software Services, Internet of Things (IOT), Ecommerce, Consumer Tech, Smart Home & Smart Workplace, Coding and Development, Artificial Intelligence, Backend Development, Devops, Enterprise Applications, Frontend Development Our digital innovations are revolutionizing SMEs and enterprises  from consulting and design to development. Leveraging the latest ecommerce and mobile technologies  we build and expand businesses. So far  we have a track record o ..."
EMT  emt Distribution is a leading value-added distributor in the META region  specializing in cybersecurity solutions. With a wide range of innovative technologies and an experienced team  EMT Distribution provides top-notch cybersecu ...
"ENAKL - MOBILITY FOR ALL Future Mobility & Transportation, Smart Cities, Bus Technology, Connected Mobility Solutions, Fleet & Logistics Solutions, Intelligent Transportation Solutions (ITS), Mobility As A Service - Maas, Government Authorities & Municipalities, Mobility & Transport, Smart Services Enakl  is a tech mobility company providing bus sharing solutions for commute rides in Africa. We connect efficiently commuters with professional transporters. By offering flexible  safe and convenient transportation options  Enak ..."
"ENOVA R&T HealthTech, Healthcare IT ENOVA R&T is the Leading   provider of innovative healthcare technologies for enhanced patient care and operational efficiency"
"ENTRUST Digital Finance, Cyber security, Cloud Services, Blockchain, Artificial Intelligence, Facial / Iris Recognition, Cloud / IoT / Smart Cities, Identity / Trust / Authentication, Cybersecurity, Print Management Entrust keeps the world moving safely by enabling strong identities  secure payments  and protected data. We offer an unmatched breadth of solutions that are critical to the future of secure enterprises  governments  the people th ..."
"EPICENTER TECHNOLOGIES PRIVATE LTD Digital Finance, Software Services, Data Centres, Coding and Development, Artificial Intelligence, CRM (Customer Relationship Management) Software, Application integration and infrastructure, Chatbots / Virtual Assistant, Data Extraction, Facial / Iris Recognition About Us We offer a comprehensive range of services designed to meet the evolving needs of our clients. Our expertise encompasses Artificial Intelligence (AI)  Robotic Process Automation (RPA)  Enterprise Applications  Data Scienc ..."
"EPSON EUROPE B.V. 3D Printing & Printing Services, Apprenticeship, Training and Qualification, Design & Product Development - 3D Mapping, Design & Product Development - Drawing & Document Management, Design & Product Development - Industrial design, Digitization / services / tool and die making - Engineering, Digitization / services / tool and die making - Gauge- and fixture manufacturing Epson was founded in Japan  a nation blessed with outstanding natural beauty and a rich cultural heritage. Our commitment to protecting such abundant gifts for future generations has never wavered. We constantly pay close attentio ..."
ESAAL  Esaal helps you reach healthier states by making online health and wellness consultations accessible and convenient.
ESCORT MONITORING SYSTEMS  Escort Monitoring Systems Group is an international manufacturing company of transport telematics equipment for the fleet. With in-house R&D and manufacturing capabilities embedded within their front offices worldwide (UAE  India  ...
"ESET Cyber security, Anti-spam, Anti-Malware & Anti-Virus & Email Security, Authentication User, Biometric Authentication and PKI, Cloud Security, Cryptography, Endpoint Protection & Mobile Security, Ransomware ESET  founded in 1987 in Slovakia  is a world leader in cybersecurity. Historically known for NOD32 Antivirus  the company now offers a complete range of solutions enabling businesses and individuals to combat digital threats. Inn ..."
ESIGNA PLATFORMS  eSigna is a set of key functionalities designed for companies and public authorities seeking to successfully implement digital signatures in compliance with current   legislation. With eSigna  you can easily initial and sig ...
"ESOL INFORMATION & COMMUNICATION CO.,LTD Education Tech, EdTech & Smart Classroom Solution, Educational Support & Other Service Space innovation through student-centered USER PARTICIPATION DESIGN Facility improvement with HIGH-TECH DIGITAL-BASED SMART CLASSROOM that enables future teaching and learning SYSTEM CHANGE from existing aging equipment and cram ..."
"ESTEPS HEALTH Internet of Things (IOT), HealthTech, Consumer Tech, Smart Home & Smart Workplace, Artificial Intelligence, 3D Printing & Printing Services, Design & Product Development - Industrial design, Machine Learning, Pattern Recognition, Electronic Components (Connection Devices, Electron Tubes, Etc), Healthcare Electronics Democratizing access to healthcare for frail patients and enhancing wellness for active individuals through the journey to health with personalized remote digital biomarkers of mobility quality. eSteps offers an innovative platfor ..."
"EUTELSAT ONEWEB Internet of Things (IOT), Networking & Infrastructure, Telecommunications, Telecommunication Platforms Eutelsat Group is a global leader in satellite communications  delivering connectivity and broadcast services worldwide. The Group was formed through the combination of the Company and OneWeb in 2023  becoming the first fully inte ..."
"EVOLLUME.COM Smart Manufacturing, Software Services, Retail Tech, Ecommerce, eLogistics, ERP / Business Management, Platforms, Risk & Fraud Management, Smart Contracts, Supply Chain Solutions Evollume.com is a leading B2B e-commerce platform based in Africa  dedicated to revolutionizing the way businesses interact in the global marketplace. Our platform serves as a vital bridge connecting manufacturers  wholesalers  re ..."
EVPLAN  EV Plan  our intelligent software SAS  helps organizations unlock the potential of electric vehicles (EVs). Don't waste time guessing where to place charging stations. EV Plan analyzes a comprehensive range of technical and socio- ...
"EXATECH Cloud Services, Education Tech, Software as a Service - SaaS, Assessment and testing As a reputable partner  EXATECH collaborates closely with public and private universities  examination boards  and governmental departments and agencies to streamline procedures for various types of examinations and assessments  w ..."
EXCELWAY  At ExcelWay  we are committed to addressing the digitization challenges that SMEs in the MENA region face daily. We understand that the journey to cloudbased management can be daunting. That’s why we’ve created a solution that ...
"EXCLUSIVE NETWORKS MAROC Digital Finance, Networking & Infrastructure, Internet of Things (IOT), Cyber security, Cloud Services, Cybersecurity, Anti-spam, Anti-Malware & Anti-Virus & Email Security, Application integration and infrastructure, Application Security, Testing & Control, Cloud Security Notre approche distinctive de la distribution donne aux partenaires plus de possibilités et plus de pertinence pour les clients. L’histoire de Exclusive Networks est mondiale avec une idéologie de services d’abord à la base ..."
"EXOBLOCK MA Software Services, Cloud Services, Coding and Development, Blockchain, AgriTech & FoodTech, Artificial Intelligence, Blockchain as a Service (BaaS), Cloud / IoT / Smart Cities, Identity / Trust / Authentication, Infrastructure and  Development Exoblock leverages blockchain and IoT to deliver a comprehensive sustainable impact solution in the agriculture industry  focusing on enhancing smart agriculture practices and carbon emission traceability. Dedicated to environment ..."
"EXPERIENTRIP Retail Tech, Media, Marketing & Advertising Tech, Ecommerce, Cloud Services, Software as a Service - SaaS, eCommerce Software, Customer Relationship & Experience Management - CRM & CEM, E-commerce & M-commerce - E-Commerce Platforms, E-commerce & M-commerce - Product Search & Discovery Global Experientrip - Tourist Services  Ltd. aims to revolutionize the tourism industry by providing a comprehensive online platform for purchasing tour packages in African countries and beyond. Founded by Nelson Monteiro  an expe ..."
"EXPERIO Digital Finance, Software Services, Cloud Services, Artificial Intelligence, Software as a Service - SaaS, Artificial Intelligence, Auditing Solutions, Billing / Invoicing Software, Enterprise Software / Operating Systems, Taxation Solutions EXPERIO simplify and revolutionize the practices of financial management for businesses by offering intelligent and intuitive software solutions . We firmly believe that technology can transform how businesses manage their finance ..."
EXPERTOO  Expertoo is a digital platform for managing car claims appraisals  involving insurance companies  brokers  experts (surveyors) and garages. It also offers costing automotive parts service for damage assessment  through machine lea ...
"EXPERTS VISION CONSULTING COMPANY Cloud Services, Blockchain, Big Data & Analytics, Artificial Intelligence, AgriTech & FoodTech, Dashboard, Cloud Solutions, Business Intelligence, Artificial Intelligence, Robotic Process Automation Experts Vision Company (EVC) is a rapidly growing national company registered in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia. It holds a Class-1 classification with the Saudi government in the field of information and technology. Through our spec ..."
"EZZAL Incubator/Accelerator/Investment, Education Tech, Ecommerce, Artificial Intelligence, AgriTech & FoodTech, Agriculture 4.0 (Crop Production and Livestock), Supply Chain Management, AI-optimized Hardware, eLogistics, Telecoms & Mobility Ezzal est une application mobile qui met en relation les transporteurs de marchandises avec les clients."
"FACIA Software Services, Regulatory Technology, Cyber security, Artificial Intelligence, Computer Vision, Data Extraction, Facial / Iris Recognition, Pattern Recognition, Applied Security, Application integration and infrastructure Facia empowers the world's fastest and most accurate face recognition solution with instant liveness detection. Our solutions include face search  face matching  age verification  liveness detection and iris recognition. Facia's ..."
"FANTASTIC.APP Smart Cities, Retail Tech, Ecommerce, Artificial Intelligence, Chatbots / Virtual Assistant, Content Creation, Planning and Optimization, eCommerce Software, ERP / Business Management, Platforms Fantastic  initially launched as a home grocery delivery platform from its dark stores  quickly established itself as a local leader. Following an in-depth market study and strong customer demand  Fantastic is now innovating by co ..."
"FARM TO FEED Creative Economy, Media, Marketing & Advertising Tech, Ecommerce, Big Data & Analytics, Artificial Intelligence, AI-optimized Hardware, Chatbots / Virtual Assistant, Content Creation, Pattern Recognition, Planning and Optimization DATAI is at the forefront of AI-driven digital marketing innovation  offering tools that automate content generation  provide real-time analytics  and deliver personalized campaigns. Our platform enhances user engagement and optim ..."
FARMATRIX AGRO ALLIED AND TECHNOLOGY COMPANY  Farmatrix is transforming Nigeria's agriculture industry through its comprehensive supply chain management platform. By bridging the gap between farmers and markets  we're improving efficiency  reducing post-harvest loss  and empo ...
"FARMPLIFY Ecommerce, Blockchain, AgriTech & FoodTech, Agricultural Marketplaces, Intelligent Supply Chain, Supply Chain Solutions Farmplify  a Nigeria-based registered (RC) agro-tech company  is dedicated to promoting food security  financial inclusion for farmers  and gender rights in agriculture. Our focus is on reducing food losses in rural areas and addr ..."
FBL MOBILE COMPANY SRL  Fbl Mobile Company is a startup founded in 2020 to meet the needs of the mobile network market. Our startup originated within Technacy's Group - a leading company in Italy and GSMA Member working with main Mobile network operators ...
"FBR CÂBLES 5G & Telecommunications, Cabling, Data Centres, Fixed Line Telecommunications FBR cables is a manufacturer of fiber optic cables in  ."
"FEDERATION APEBI Software Services, Smart Cities, 5G & Telecommunications, Telecommunication Integration & Equipment Services, ICT, Business Intelligence Solutions, Mobile Applications APEBI FEDERATION  more than 35 years supporting ICT sector’s development! VISION Establish Kingdom’s digital sovereignty and meet digital transformation challenges both for state and private companies   in a pragmatic and eff ..."
"FETACA - TRACKING REDEFINED Smart Cities, Internet of Things (IOT), Consumer Tech, Smart Home & Smart Workplace, Automation & IoT, In-Vehicle Electronics, Connectivity Modules, Data Analytics, Industrial IoT (IIoT) & Connectivity, IoT Solutions, M2M Solutions, Platform Solutions With a passion for innovation  Fetaca manufacture  import  and export GPS devices that set new industry standards. Our telematic devices  including asset trackers  pet trackers  and vehicle trackers  are built to exceed expectatio ..."
"FEVERTOKENS Digital Finance, Cyber security, Blockchain, Decentralised Finance, Developer Tools / Platforms, Infrastructure and  Development, Interoperability / System Integration, Research & Development, Security / Cybersecurity, Smart Contracts Pioneering advanced blockchain protocols and tokenization systems with scalable  secure  and efficient smart contract solutions. We are the leading fabric of advanced  application-level blockchain protocols with a wide range of ap ..."
"FIDO-BIZNES Digital Finance, Banking Solutions, Billing / Invoicing Software, Card Issuance and Management, Core Banking Solutions, Digital Payment, E-Commerce Solutions, E-KYC, E-Payment Solutions, Islamic Fintech / Shariya Compliant FIDO-BIZNES was founded in 1993. Today the company is one of the largest developers and suppliers of information systems and technological solutions in the Uzbek market. Currently  the company employs more than 300 employees on a ..."
"FIND'N'SECURE Internet of Things (IOT), Future Mobility & Transportation, Consumer Tech, Smart Home & Smart Workplace, Fleet & Logistics Solutions, IoT Solutions, Cloud Services, Industrial IoT (IIoT) & Connectivity, RFID, Security, In-Vehicle Electronics, Fleet Management Embarc was established in 1994 and has established itself as a leading company in providing solutions for location based services. We have developed Find’n’Secure web based GPS Tracking and Fleet Management Software. Current ..."
"FININFO SOLUTIONS Digital Finance, Software Services, Media, Marketing & Advertising Tech, Blockchain, Artificial Intelligence, Decentralised Finance, Artificial Intelligence, Asset Management / Personal Finance / Wealth Management, Banking Solutions, Core Banking Solutions FININFO SOLUTIONS est une entreprise innovante spécialisée dans l'édition logicielle pour les acteurs des marchés financiers"
"FIRETHUNDER HealthTech, Cloud Services, Artificial Intelligence, Software Services, Data Extraction, Speech Recognition, Software as a Service - SaaS, Mobile Applications, Healthcare IT, Medical Practice Firethunder provides specialized IT solutions for healthcare professionals  enabling efficient management  visualization  and transmission of medical data to enhance diagnostic precision and decision-making; FireRIS  FirePACS  Fir ..."
"FIVE EXCEPTIONS SOFTWARE SOLUTIONS PVT LTD Software Services, PropTech, Metaverse, Immersive Tech, Internet of Things (IOT), Coding and Development, Backend Development, Cloud Computing, Cloud Kubernetes, Devops, Enterprise Applications 5Exceptions is a software services company headquartered in Indore  India. Formally  Five Exceptions Software Solutions Pvt. Ltd. established in 2015 when five engineers working together since 2007  aimed at setting up a trusted I ..."
FLEX GROUP  As a company specialized in the development of technology solutions  Flex Group has carved out an enviable place in the telecommunications field. We are proud to work hand in hand in partnerships with telecommunications operators  ...
FLEXIAPPS  At Flexiapps  we lead the way in mobile app and digital platform development  offering customized solutions to suit your needs. Our experienced team utilizes efficient frameworks and cutting-edge technologies to deliver secure  sc ...
"FLIP NG Creative Economy, Ecommerce, Advertising, Platforms, Risk & Fraud Management, Supply Chain Solutions As a result of a gap identified in the e-commerce market for specialized platforms catering to distressed sales  Flipng was created. Flipng offers a specialized ecosystem where customers can effortlessly list items  match  purchas ..."
"FLITTO INC. Smart Cities, Media, Marketing & Advertising Tech, Internet of Things (IOT), Big Data & Analytics, Artificial Intelligence, Chatbots / Virtual Assistant, Computer Vision, Machine Learning, Natural Language Generation (NLG), Natural Language Processing (NLP) Flitto is an integrated language data collection platform that can scale AI like no other. Since 2012  we have scaled our crowdsourcing translation platform into an AI data powerhouse with 14 million users  including 300 000+ tra ..."
"FLOYDEE INFOTECH PRIVATE LIMITED Creative Economy, Software Services, HealthTech, Cyber security, Coding and Development, Backend Development, Enterprise Applications, Software, Digital Forensics & Incident Response, Healthcare IT We are a startup specializing in software development  offering both products and services. Our service wing focuses on software development  cybersecurity  cloud services  and data engineering  catering to sectors like marine  h ..."
FMCG.MA  We are an innovative startup ! Our expertise lies in providing cutting-edge solutions to players in the retail sector. Our approach merges human relationships with agile methodologies and AI-empowered technology. By partnering ...
FMCG.MA  RetailTech: Streamlining Supplies  Amplifying Insights!
FOCUS MESSENGER  Focus Messenger is an inclusive collaborative communication platform accessible to all your employees  regardless of their level of education. You will finally be able to broadcast announcements to everyone and strengthen your cor ...
"FOCUSCOM 5G & Telecommunications, Broadband Services, Communication Equipment, Data Centres, Telecommunication Integration & Equipment Services Focuscom was found in 2014  we are independent designer (software & hardware) and producer for OLT (EPON/GPON/XGSPON)  ONU (WiFi 5/6)  Ethernet Switch  etc. Not only we produce equipment  we are also aiming to be the global lead o ..."
FOODEALS MEA  Foodeals addresses the food waste crisis in the MEA region through an innovative application  connecting unsold food with consumers as well as charities. Foodeals builds a circular food waste management platform that proposes: Foo ...
"FOODEALS MEA Retail Tech, AgriTech & FoodTech, Digital control systems, Food Losses & Waste, Sustainable Technology Foodeals addresses the food waste crisis in the MEA region through an innovative application  connecting unsold food with consumers as well as charities. Foodeals builds a circular food waste management platform that proposes: Foo ..."
"FORMIND AFRICA & MIDDLE EAST Ecommerce, Cyber security, Blockchain, Big Data & Analytics, 3D Printing & Printing Services, Digitization / services / tool and die making - Data and IT security, protection of intellectual property, Data Governance, Compliance & Security, Security / Cybersecurity, Anti-spam, Anti-Malware & Anti-Virus & Email Security, Application Control Formind is a pure player in cybersecurity consulting  integration and managed services. With operations in    France  Canada and Spain  we support more than 500 customers (including many major accounts) in a wide range of s ..."
"FORTINET Cyber security, Anti-spam, Anti-Malware & Anti-Virus & Email Security, Application Control, Application integration and infrastructure, Application Security, Testing & Control, Applied Security, Authentication User, Biometric Authentication and PKI, Business Continuity & Disaster Recovery Planning, Cloud Security, Cryptography The Fortinet Security Fabric platform delivers broad  integrated  and automated protections across the entire digital attack surface  securing critical devices  data  applications  and connections from the data center to the cloud ..."
"FOUNCO Digital Finance, Incubator/Accelerator/Investment, Fund Raising and Investment Founco is an innovative platform designed to connect companies seeking funding  whether they are startups or SMEs  with a diverse range of financiers  including VCs  banks  business angels  and other financial institutions. Addit ..."
FRACTALITE  Nous proposons des solutions clés en main tout-en-un qui permettent aux professionnels du voyage de se démarquer dans un secteur hautement concurrentiel. Notre atout réside dans l'intégration de la Fractalité  une approche qu ...
"FREEL Software Services, Retail Tech, Ecommerce, eCommerce Software, ERP / Business Management, Supply Chain Solutions, E-commerce & M-commerce - E-Commerce Platforms, Business Intelligence Solutions, Business Process Management, CRM (Customer Relationship Management) Software Freel helps companies to optimize their business through digital transformation and efficient staffing. ERP & Data : We provide a dedicated SAP & Data team for the maintenance and the projects of your central and peripheral appli ..."
"FUJAIRAH E-GOVERNMENT Data Centres, 5G & Telecommunications, Data Centres, Telecommunication Integration & Equipment Services, Servers & Hardware About us Fujairah E-Government is in-charge of E-Government program and digital transformation of government services in Fujairah by establishment of fully integrated and effective government using the latest technology with the a ..."
"FUJIFILM MIDDLE EAST FZE HealthTech, Community Health Services, Government, Healthcare Investor, Healthcare IT, Laboratory Facilities, Laboratory Technology, Medical Education Institute, Medical Facilities FUJIFILM innovates across global industries with core technologies. It offers Medical IT  Diagnostic Imaging  US  AI & screening solutions."
"FUJIFILM – PRINTING SOLUTIONS Consumer Tech, Smart Home & Smart Workplace, Digital Imaging Equipment, Office Automation & Equipment, Smart Appliances / Gadgets Innovative office printing solutions that serve customers seeking greater productivity  streamlined operations and work style reforms; FUJIFILM office printing solutions helps address various business challenges related to documen ..."
"FUNDUSAI LTD HealthTech, Consumer Tech, Smart Home & Smart Workplace, Big Data & Analytics, Artificial Intelligence, Chatbots / Virtual Assistant, Community Health Services, Medical Education Institute, Artificial Intelligence, Data Analytics, Data Management FundusAI is Africa’s First AI-Powered Ecosystem for Diabetes Care - Your One Stop Home For Personalised Diabetes Care Using Artificial Intelligence."
FYGURS  At Fygurs  our mission is to empower businesses to harness the full potential of digital  data  and AI. Tools like Excel and PowerPoint only help you 'stay busy'  we offer a transformative approach that ensures you and your team ...
G AVICOLE  G Avicole is a Togolese startup dedicated to the digital transformation of the poultry sector in Africa. We leverage technology and innovation to elevate the efficiency  sustainability and optimization of the poultry business. Thr ...
"G FIVE MOBILE PVT LTD Mobile Accessories & Peripherals, Accessories - Batteries, Accessories - Chargers, Accessories - Data Cables, Devices - Smart Phones, Devices -Tablets, USB Gadgets - USB chargers, Wearables - Smart watches G'FIVE Pakistan is being operated under the Umbrella of G'FIVE Group Since 2009 with its complete product range. G'FIVE a mobile communication brand of G’FIVE Group is the first-ever Smart Phone Assembly Plant in Pakistan Since ..."
G TEKNOLOJI BILIŞIM SAN VE TIC A.Ş.  GTech  founded in 2000  is a global technology solutions provider focused on driving digital transformation. With a customer-centric approach  GTech offers a range of services under Financial Technologies and Data Analytics. Our F ...
"G'FIVE MOBILE 5G & Telecommunications, Mobile Telecommunications & 5G G'FIVE a mobile communication brand ofG’FIVEGroup is the first-ever Smart Phone Assembly Plant in Pakistan Since 2015. Since 2015 G’FIVE team made efforts to establish world leading standard Assembling plant in Pakistan. G'FIV ..."
"G'FIVE MOBILE (PVT.) LTD. Mobile Accessories & Peripherals, 5G & Telecommunications, Communication Equipment, Mobile Telecommunications & 5G, Telecommunication Integration & Equipment Services, Accessories - Batteries, Accessories - Chargers, Accessories - Data Cables, Accessories - Headphones / earphones, Devices - Smart Phones G'FIVE Pakistan is being operated under the Umbrella of G'FIVE Group Since 2009 with its complete product range. G'FIVE a mobile communication brand of G’FIVE Group is the first-ever Smart Phone Assembly Plant in Pakistan Since ..."
"GAHEZ Ecommerce, Platforms Gahez is a technology-based company focusing on digitizing the supply chain in the B2B fashion business."
GAMACOM  Telecoms infrastructure project Management  enterprise telecom Solutions  passif and actif components suppliers
"GARA STORE Mobile Accessories & Peripherals, Metaverse, Immersive Tech, Gaming, Education Tech, Ecommerce, eCommerce Software, Platforms, Animation & Simulation, Animation, Cloud Gaming In Africa  with its 54 nations  market access remains a challenge due to 154 fragmented payment systems. This obstructs global creators and firms from monetizing gaming and comics across the continent. Traditional platforms like P ..."
GARISTA  Garista offers a revolutionary cloud-based SaaS platform tailored for the restaurant industry  addressing critical challenges like menu flexibility  operational efficiency  and customer engagement. A suite of features  including c ...
"GATA Cyber security, Big Data & Analytics, Artificial Intelligence, Chatbots / Virtual Assistant, Facial / Iris Recognition, Natural Language Processing (NLP), Optical character recognition (OCR), Speech Recognition, Artificial Intelligence, Python GATA is a Deeptech cybersecurity company that provides an AI-based multimodal  seamlessly and remote biometric digital identity verification. Our platform includes dynamic face liveness detection  PhotoID matching  MRZ scanner  ID ..."
"GDEXPERT Software Services, Cloud Services, Coding and Development, Big Data & Analytics, Artificial Intelligence, Data Extraction, Optical character recognition (OCR), Robotic Process Automation, Data Integration, Data Management GDExpert est le Leader des solutions documentaires pour le Maghreb et l'Afrique Francophone et le 1er ambassadeur de Docuware en Afrique. Nous sommes spécialisés depuis plus de 15 ans dans la dématérialisation  la capture  le ..."
GEAR9  Founded in 2018  Gear9 supports brands in their user acquisition and retention challenges at every stage of their digital transformation  from conception to implementation of their digital product. With an experienced multidiscipl ...
GEBEYA  Gebeya is a Pan-African tech leadership company that has evolved from its origins in EdTech training to become a powerhouse in the African tech marketplace through its Gebeya Talent Cloud (G-TC) technology. The company offers a T ...
"GEC MEDIA GROUP Cloud Services, Media, Marketing & Advertising Tech, IT Service Management - ITSM, Media Publishing Founded in 2012  GEC Media Group is a leading media  events & research company. Over the years  we have expanded well beyond our flagship technology publication to provide senior leaders across the enterprise with indispensable bu ..."
"GEEKS SOLUTIONS PVT LTD Digital Finance, Ecommerce, Data Centres, Cloud Services, Coding and Development, Analyst, Analytics, Applications including Development, Deployment & Design, Business Continuity, Back-up & Disaster Recovery, Cloud Management & Optimisation Geeks Solutions is your Trusted DevOps Solution Partner founded in 2006. We are ISO 27001 Certified company. We specialize in optimizing development  operations  and collaboration processes  leveraging cutting-edge technologies to ..."
"GENERAL INTELLIGENCE SERVICES Cloud Services, Consultancy, Recruitment, Training or Recruitement OUR NATIONAL TEMPORARY EMPLOYMENT AND FACILITIES MANAGEMENT COMPANY IS INSTALLED IN THE CITY CENTER OF CASABLANCA   TO MEET THE REQUIREMENTS OF THE NATIONAL EMPLOYMENT MARKET AND TO FOLLOW THE DYNAMICS OF OUR COUNTRY WITH TO ..."
"GEO4NET Consumer Tech, Smart Home & Smart Workplace, Big Data & Analytics, Artificial Intelligence, AgriTech & FoodTech, 5G & Telecommunications, Data Centres, Geospatial Solutions & Services, Cloud Solutions, Data Management, IoT Established in 2008  GEO4NET specializes in providing comprehensive geolocation solutions for mobile professions with time-sensitive and organizational needs. Our geomanagement services are tailored to clients' specific requiremen ..."
"GEOSERVICE Software Services, Internet of Things (IOT), Cloud Services, Coding and Development, AgriTech & FoodTech, Data Management, Digital control systems, IoT, Cloud Management Platform, Hosting Glonass & gps technologies. Official distributor of telematic equipment of leading brands. Communication reliability without signal loss anywhere in the world. Solutions for personnel control. Monitoring of personnel inside office ..."
GEOTECH  In an era where urban development and environmental sustainability are at the forefront of global discussions  the significance of innovative  data-driven solutions cannot be overstated. We  at GeoTech  stand at the confluence of ...
"GETAC TECHNOLOGY CORPORATION Space Tech, Consumer Tech, Smart Home & Smart Workplace, Artificial Intelligence, AgriTech & FoodTech, 5G & Telecommunications, Communication Equipment, Geospatial Solutions & Services, Marine Communication Equipment & Services, Military Communication Equipment & Services, Mobile Telecommunications & 5G LEADING THE WAY IN RUGGED TECHNOLOGY Getac Technology Corporation is a global leader in rugged mobile technology and intelligent video solutions  including laptops  tablets  software  body-worn cameras  in-car video  interview roo ..."
"GHOSTYGO Smart Manufacturing, Software Services, Retail Tech, Future Mobility & Transportation, Artificial Intelligence, AI-optimized Hardware, Last Mile, Data & Analytics - Data Warehouse/Decision Support, E-commerce & M-commerce - Click & Collect Solutions, E-commerce & M-commerce - Mobile Store & Warehouse Solutions Ghostygo is the logistics aggregator in Africa  providing a game-changing solution to the inefficiencies and high costs of traditional shipping methods. Our platform offers businesses of all sizes access to a vast network of trust ..."
"GIE Incubator/Accelerator/Investment, Smart Cities, Education Tech, Artificial Intelligence, AI-optimized Hardware, Articulated Robots, Autonomous Mobile Robots (AMRs), Autonomous Vehicles / Systems, Chatbots / Virtual Assistant, Cobots Innovation stems not only from giving people incentives  but also from creating environments where their ideas can connect  evolve  and become viable. This is the core of GIE. We work to accelerate innovation in the MENA region t ..."
"GIZ - SAIS AgriTech & FoodTech, Adaptive Irrigation, Agri-Biometrics, Agricultural Machinery And Equipment, Agriculture 4.0 (Crop Production and Livestock), Clean label management, Climate-Smart Agriculture, Equipment for Vertical farming and Rooftop Farming, New Food Systems, Plant-based food processing SAIS stands for “Scaling digital Agriculture Innovations through Start-ups” and is a project implemented by the German Agency for International Cooperation/Deutsche Gesellschaft für Internationale Zusammenarbeit (GIZ GmbH) on ..."
GLOBAL AND EAGLE SL  Established in 2014  Global and Eagle SL is your go-to source for the latest tech trends. We specialize in providing European businesses with top-notch consumer electronics  making sure you stay ahead in the fast-paced world of te ...
GLOBAL ENTERTAINMENT  Global Entertainment provides comprehensive audiovisual solutions  from consulting to installation and training  collaborating closely with service providers. Specializing in event enhancement  we offer professional lighting  vide ...
"GMFTEL 5G & Telecommunications, Cabling, Communication Equipment, Data Centres, Fixed Line Telecommunications Established in the year of 2010?Ningbo GMF Telecom Technology Co. Ltd. is a professional designer  manufacturer and exporter of passive telecom network products. Our main products include patch cord  PLC splitter  distribution box ..."
"GO TO MARKET Retail Tech, Ecommerce, Artificial Intelligence, Content Creation, Training / Recruitment, E-commerce & M-commerce - Digital Shopper Analytics & Engagement In a world where the online presence is a necessity  our mission is to facilitate access to e-commerce for sellers using their own website  social media or with marketplaces. With the help of AI and our expertise  businesses face ..."
"GOCOLORS PAINT UGANDA LIMITED Smart Manufacturing, Sustainability & Green Climate - Tech, Media, Marketing & Advertising Tech, 5G & Telecommunications, 3D Printing & Printing Services, Apprenticeship, Training and Qualification, Design & Product Development - 3D Data Utilization, Design & Product Development - 3D Mapping, Design & Product Development - Digitizing of Components, Design & Product Development - Drawing & Document Management Gocolors paint uganda Limited was established in 2019 as applicators of Marmoran wall coatings importing 100% of the coatings from south Africa. 2023 we entered into a partnership with Marmoran South Africa pioneers of protective ..."
GOLDIE COATINGS LIMITED  our journey began with a simple goal:to make paint that stands out lasts longer and bring more vibrancy to homes and buildings.we realized that the quality of paint matters not just for appearance but for the longevity and overall ...
"GOMEDIA Smart Cities, Networking & Infrastructure, Media, Marketing & Advertising Tech, Education Tech, Consumer Tech, Smart Home & Smart Workplace, Audio Systems & Equipment, Communication Equipment, Large Appliances, Video Systems & Equipment, Audio Visual Equipment & Resources GOMEDIA offers a variety of professional audiovisual equipment as well as communication solutions. Its specialization includes audiovisual systems  conference solutions  sound reinforcement devices  and lighting devices. The compa ..."
"GOUI Consumer Tech, Smart Home & Smart Workplace, Power Banks Goui"
"GPS MASTER Software Services, Internet of Things (IOT), Ecommerce, Cloud Services, Application integration and infrastructure, M2M Solutions, IoT Solutions, Platforms, Software as a Service - SaaS, Platform as a Service - PaaS A Marrakech-based business called GPS MASTER provides tracking software together with high-caliber after-sale support. Our primary clientele consists of startups developing GPS monitoring solutions. The solution is created by team ..."
"GRANDSTREAM NETWORKS, INC.  Grandstream has been connecting the world since 2002 with unified communications and networking solutions that make communicating more impactful than ever before. Our award-winning solutions provide everything needed to build a se ..."
"GREEN ENERGY TRANSITION Smart Cities, Internet of Things (IOT), Energy Tech, Consumer Tech, Smart Home & Smart Workplace, AgriTech & FoodTech, Digital control systems, Green Productivity, IoT, Renewable Energy, Water Management Green Energy Transition is a forward-thinking energy consulting firm committed to advancing sustainable energy solutions. Our expertise lies in providing innovative consulting services to drive the global transition to renewable e ..."
"GREEN WATECH Sustainability & Green Climate - Tech, Food & Agriculture, Environmental Solutions - Water, Energy Management & Sustainability, Food & Agriculture - Food & Water Processing, Sustainable Systems - Recycling GREEN WATECH is a  -based company that offers a low-tech solution for wastewater treatment and reuse for irrigating vegetables destined for human consumption called Soil Based Filter (SBF). The solution does not require any ..."
"GREENERTECH Internet of Things (IOT), Artificial Intelligence, AgriTech & FoodTech, Virtual Reality, Robotics, IoT Solutions, Industrial IoT (IIoT) & Connectivity, Artificial Intelligence, Application Development, Robotic Process Automation GreenerTech is a startup dedicated to digital transformation and optimizing agricultural processes. We redefine agricultural operations by integrating advanced technologies to enhance efficiency  productivity  and sustainability. ..."
GREENSMARTAGRO  GreenSmartAgro is a pioneering startup dedicated to revolutionizing the agricultural sector through cutting-edge AI-driven irrigation solutions. Our mission is to optimize water usage  enhance crop yields  and promote sustainable ...
"GREENXPERT AgriTech & FoodTech, Cloud Services, Adaptive Irrigation, Climate-Smart Agriculture, Soil Plant Health, Water Management, Software as a Service - SaaS Our startup is at the forefront of transforming sports turf management through advanced AI and IoT technologies. We specialize in optimizing irrigation management  ensuring each drop of water is used efficiently while significantl ..."
GROUPE BARID AL MAGHRIB  The Barid Al-Maghrib Group (Poste  ) has gradually diversified to become a multi-business group offering a wide range of products and services  in line with its founding values and the needs of its customers. Today  the Group ...
"GROUPE G&G AFRICA Digital Finance, Software Services, Energy Tech, Cloud Services, Consultancy, Customer Relationship Management - CRM, Enterprise Resource Planning - ERP, Migration, Professional Services, Training or Recruitement G&G supports entrepreneurs in accelerating the growth and financial performance of their business through digitalized management of their figures."
"GROUPE MAROC TELECOM Space Tech, Cloud Services, Blockchain, Big Data & Analytics, 5G & Telecommunications, Billing / OSS / BSS, Broadband Services, Cabling, Communication Equipment, Converged / Unified Communications Opérateur de référence en Afrique  leader au   et dans d’autres pays  le Groupe   Telecom participe activement au développement du secteur des télécoms sur le continent. Présent dans 11 pays (   Bénin  Burkin ..."
GROUPE SOS MAROC Incubator/Accelerator/Investment Bidaya is an innovative incubator focused on the Social and Solidarity Economy (SSE) and Social Innovation  located in Casablanca. Established in 2015 by Groupe SOS    a prominent   non-profit organization  Bidaya aims ...
"GROW WITH SAP FOR SCALEUPS Digital Finance, Incubator/Accelerator/Investment, Software Services, Networking & Infrastructure, 3D Printing & Printing Services, Solutions for component processing - Operation and Process Organizing Software (ERP, PPS, BDE), Cloud Solutions - Private and Public, Enterprise Software / Operating Systems, Enterprise Software Application, Industrial 3D Printing GROW with SAP for Scaleups is your fast-track to scaling success. It's an all-in-one toolkit: easy-to-implement solutions  quick adoption services  and a supportive community. Designed for Scaleups  it's the perfect blend of top t ..."
GTEL  GTEL - Global Telecommunication Development  is one of the leaders in telecommunications consulting and services in    Our expertise is built upon understanding the needs of our customers and the creative prowess of our staf ...
"GTI SOFTWARE & NETWORKING Data Centres, Cyber security, Cloud Services, Blockchain, Big Data & Analytics, Cloud Solutions, Data Analytics, Data Architecture, Data back-up, Data Governance, Compliance & Security GTI Software & Networking is an IT solutions distributor specializing in : - Cyber security - Cloud security - Storage - Backup solutions - Automatic identification - Productivity - Data management GTI adds value to the channel by ..."
"GUANGDA Mobile Accessories & Peripherals, Accessories - Data Cables Guangda Technology was established in 2006 and became one of most promising privatecompanies in the communication field."
GUARDOME.IO BY LMPS  LMPS Group has been a leading specialist in the cybersecurity field for over 15 years. Accredited as a PASSI by the General Directorate of Information Systems Security and certified as a PCI QSA (Qualified Security Assessor) PCI 3 ...
GWALA  Gwala provides cost-effective payroll and HR tools to companies and an ecosystem of exclusive benefits to employees like salary on demand and cashback
"H-IN-Q Retail Tech, Media, Marketing & Advertising Tech, Cloud Services, Big Data & Analytics, Artificial Intelligence, Chatbots / Virtual Assistant, Computer Vision, Content Creation, Data Extraction, Facial / Iris Recognition H-in-Q  a pioneer in cutting-edge data solutions delivers unparalleled insights and empower decision-makers worldwide. Utilizing cloud deployment  we ensure seamless scalability and accessibility  enabling businesses to leverage ..."
"HAHN SOFTWARE MOROCCO SARL Software Services, Internet of Things (IOT), Cloud Services, Coding and Development, Artificial Intelligence, Consultancy, DevOps, Backend Development, Cloud Computing, Cloud Kubernetes We are a software service company from Germany  which was founded in 2017.With over 100 employees worldwide  we develop individual software solutions for the future and current challenges of our customers. Industry 4.0  IoT  cloud ..."
"HAIHONG Data Centres, Consumer Tech, Smart Home & Smart Workplace, Blockchain, 5G & Telecommunications, Broadband Services, Cabling, Communication Equipment, Data Centres, Mobile Telecommunications & 5G, Telecommunication Integration & Equipment Services Haihong had more than 20 years history since established.we started with copper cable splitter  HFC and fiber receiver.With the development of the optics we established our own production lines including fiber splitter drop cable ..."
"HAKTRAK COMPANY FOR CYBERSECURITY Software Services, Cloud Services, Artificial Intelligence, AgriTech & FoodTech, 3D Printing & Printing Services, Apprenticeship, Training and Qualification, Quality Management / Metrology - Process monitoring, Quality Management / Metrology - Production & Surface metrology, Quality Management / Metrology - Quality Assurance Software, Quality Management / Metrology - Sensors and actuators HakTrak’s mission is to help clients identify cyber risks and to provide the appropriate guidance to manage and close these gaps and loopholes  through its advance threat’s intelligence platform. Threats Tracker isn't just an ..."
"HANGZHOU JIANYE CABLE CO.,LTD 5G & Telecommunications, Data Centres, Cabling, Communication Equipment, Data Centres, Fixed Line Telecommunications, Marine Communication Equipment & Services, Military Communication Equipment & Services, Mobile Telecommunications & 5G, Satellite & Distribution We Hangzhou Jianye Cable Co. Ltd is a comprehensive manufacturer of communication cables with more than 15 years experience. We located in Hangzhou Lin’an city  with location and convenient transportation to Shanghai and Ningbo ..."
HANY  Optimisant au maximum l’expérience des utilisateurs  Hany offre une plateforme intégrée et sécurisée qui génère des mises en relation à travers les canaux applicatifs  web et téléphoniques. Hany capitalise sur un socle ...
"HANY&ZEN / KOUNHANY Big Data & Analytics, Consumer Tech, Smart Home & Smart Workplace, Data Analytics, Digital Transformation, In-Vehicle Electronics, Smart Security Notre projet vise à résoudre le problème des clients qui sont obligé de choisir les garages indépendants aux concessionnaires en raison du prix  mais risquent d'utiliser des pièces contrefaites sans le savoir. Ce problème a ..."
"HARMONY TECHNOLOGY Smart Manufacturing, Internet of Things (IOT), Education Tech, Coding and Development, Artificial Intelligence, AI-optimized Hardware, Articulated Robots, Content Creation, Deep Learning Platforms, Machine Learning Harmony Technology  a leader in digital transformation  provides human-centered solutions and user-centric experiences  we empower organizations across diverse sectors to navigate the complexities of the digital landscape with con ..."
HASTA AUCTIONS  The used vehicle market in   and most of Africa remains informal and unpredictable. 90%+ of transactions are informal  and due to the efforts of informal middlemen even the government has little visibility on this sector. Bu ...
"HAVIT Consumer Tech, Smart Home & Smart Workplace, Audio Systems & Equipment, Computer and Mobile Hardware, Storage & Peripherals, Headphones, Home Appliances, In-Vehicle Electronics, Leisure, Health & Lifestyle Wearables, Personal Care Applicances, Power Banks GUANGZHOU HAVIT TECHNOLOGY CO.  LTD. was founded in 1998. HAVIT provides consumers with high-performance audio devices  PC & gaming peripherals  mobile accessories  and smart life devices. All products are designed to elevate cons ..."
HAWSABAH COMPANY  Hawsabah is a Saudi company and has been in the market since 2013. Hawsabah is focusing on moving organizations to the next-generation technologies  that's what makes Hawsabah aligned with the 2030 vision with passion  our team pr ...
"HAYOK MEDICARE HealthTech, Software Services, Digital Finance, InsureTech, Dealers and Distributors Healthcare, Healthcare Consultancy Service, Healthcare IT, CRM (Customer Relationship Management) Software, Data Analytics & Automation Hayok Medicare is a technology company digitizing health programmes to improve availability and use of granular health data for decision making."
HEALHUB  Buldanho Inovação e Tecnologia is an organization that supports entrepreneurship and innovation in Cape Verde.
"HEALTH CLUSTER Internet of Things (IOT), HealthTech, Artificial Intelligence, Smart Cities, Software Services, Chatbots / Virtual Assistant, Deep Learning Platforms, Machine Learning, Natural Language Generation (NLG), Natural Language Processing (NLP) Digitizing Healthcare ecosystem and connecting Clinic  Hospital  Lab  Insurance and Patients to enable digital patient journey. HIS | EMR | LIS | AI"
"HEALTHPORT Smart Manufacturing, Retail Tech, Internet of Things (IOT), HealthTech, Energy Tech, Solar Energy, Wind Energy, Community Health Services, Dealers and Distributors Healthcare, Government HealthPort is a digital health startup improving maternal/pediatric hypoxia outcomes in Subsaharan Africa through data-driven critical medical supply distribution. Our patient-centric ""Oxygen as a Service"" Breathe solution gives h ..."
HEWLETT PACKARD ENTERPRISE OPERATED BY SELECTIUM  Hewlett Packard Enterprise operated by Selectium is an edge-to-cloud company that helps organizations accelerate outcomes by unlocking value from all of their data  everywhere. Built of reimagining the future and innovating to a ...
"HIDDEN CLOUDERS Digital Finance, Cloud Services, Coding and Development, Artificial Intelligence, Chatbots / Virtual Assistant, Cobots, Analyst, Applications including Development, Deployment & Design, Big Data & Analytics, Consultancy Akkan is the place where entrepreneurs  mentors  investors  incubators and institutions running entrepreneurrship programs  will get connected  with one mission: ""empower entrepreneurs to succeed and make an impact"". Akkan provide ..."
"HIFUTURE Mobile Accessories & Peripherals, Accessories - Bluetooth speakers, Accessories - Headphones / earphones, Wearables - Smart watches In 2016  HiFuture Group was founded in Shenzhen  China  with the vision of making a difference in the consumer electronics market with a smart wearable & wireless speaker. We  at HiFuture Group  offer our customers a premium and s ..."
"HIKVISION Internet of Things (IOT), Big Data & Analytics, Artificial Intelligence, Data Extraction, Deep Learning Platforms, Facial / Iris Recognition, IoT Solutions, Sensors, Smart lighting, Video Analytics, Artificial Intelligence Hikvision provides a broad range of physical security products  covering video security  access control  and alarm systems. We also provide integrated security solutions powered by AI technology to support end-users with new appli ..."
"HIPERDIST ALLIANCES SA Media, Marketing & Advertising Tech, Cloud Services, Blockchain, Big Data & Analytics, Artificial Intelligence, AI-optimized Hardware, Artificial Intelligence, Business Intelligence, Cloud Solutions, Data Infrastructure Hiperdist is an international technology distributor predominantly operating in Africa  Levant and the Middle East. Collaborating with renowned tech giants  Hiperdist ensures the provision of advanced technology solutions to its p ..."
HIREPILOT  HirePilot revolutionizes recruitment with AI technology that enhances hiring efficiency and accuracy. Our platform automates candidate filtering  conducts AI-driven interviews  and assists in the final selection  ensuring only the ...
HOMEGROWN SOLUTIONS FOR HEALTH  Homegrown Solutions for Health is a social enterprise that enables locally driven innovations for the most pressing problems in global health. Our principal innovation is The Village  a groundbreaking digital platform built on Ubu ...
"HONEYWELL Ecommerce, Data Centres, Consumer Tech, Smart Home & Smart Workplace, Electronic Equipment & Instruments (Barcode Readers, POS Machines, Etc), Printing Solutions, Data Analytics & Automation, Data Warehousing, Supply Chain Solutions Honeywell is an integrated operating company serving a broad range of industries and geographies around the world. Our business is aligned with three powerful megatrends – automation  the future of aviation and energy transitio ..."
"HONGAN GROUP CORPORATION LIMITED 5G & Telecommunications, Data Centres, Cabling, Communication Equipment, Data Centres, Mobile Telecommunications & 5G, Telecommunication Integration & Equipment Services, Wireless, Cabling Hongan Group Co. Ltd.  founded in 1985  is located in Weihai City  Shandong Province  and is a professional optical communication product company that integrates R&D  manufacturing  sales  and service. Its products cover optical f ..."
"HOOTA.MA Digital Finance, Retail Tech, Ecommerce, Artificial Intelligence, Chatbots / Virtual Assistant, Content Creation, E-Commerce Solutions, eCommerce Software, eLogistics, ERP / Business Management HOOTA.ma is  's first online marketplace specializing in quality refurbished electronics. Our platform offers a wide range of smartphones  laptops  tablets  and accessories  all rigorously tested and affordably priced. We pr ..."
HOSTIFAI  Founded in 2023  hostifAI is dedicated to transforming the hospitality sector through advanced AI solutions  streamlining operations and enhancing guest experiences. We offer four innovative products: Virtual Butler and Staff Assi ...
HP INC.  Our vision is to create a world where innovation drives extraordinary contributions to humanity. This vision guides everything we do  how we do it  and why we do it. Our technology – a product and service portfolio of personal ...
HPS  HPS is a multinational company and a leading provider of payment solutions and services for issuers  acquirers  card processors  independent sales organisations (ISOs)  retailers  mobile network operators (MNOs)  and national & re ...
HSABATI  Hsabati is a superapp for SMEs that heps them manage their business and get access to financing through our banking partners. We help our banking partners to better understand SMEs in general and score them more thoroughly during ...
"HSABATI Artificial Intelligence, Digital Finance, Artificial Intelligence, Banking Solutions, Billing / Invoicing Software, Enterprise Software / Operating Systems, Lending / P2P Lending, Open Banking / API Hsabati is a superapp for SMEs that heps them manage their business and get access to financing through our banking partners. We help our banking partners to better understand SMEs in general and score them more thoroughly during ..."
"HUAWEI TECHNOLOGIES CO., LTD. Networking & Infrastructure, Cloud Services, Analyst, Data Management Technology, Enterprise Software Application, Gateways, Physical Servers, Routers Founded in 1987  Huawei is a leading global provider of information and communications technology (ICT) infrastructure and smart devices. We have 207 000 employees and operate in over 170 countries and regions  serving more than t ..."
"HUB2 Digital Finance, Digital Payment, Payment Gateways, POS Machines & Payment Solutions, Transactional Platforms HUB2 is a leading Payment Infrastructure platform in the digital payments industry  facilitating cutting-edge solutions across West and Central Africa. HUB2 offers a comprehensive suite of payment aggregation services  including ..."
"HUBX Consumer Tech, Smart Home & Smart Workplace, Audio Systems & Equipment, Communication Equipment, Computer and Mobile Hardware, Storage & Peripherals, Electronic Equipment & Instruments (Barcode Readers, POS Machines, Etc), Headphones, Healthcare Electronics, Home Appliances, Home Entertainment Solutions / Integration Systems, Leisure, Health & Lifestyle Wearables HUBX is the first anonymous marketplace distributor for buying and selling computers  mobile and consumer electronics. Brands sold are Lenovo  Dell  HP  Asus  MSI  Acer  Apple  Samsung  Microsoft  Amazon  Google  TPLink  Sandisk  ..."
"HULOOL AL SAHABA FOR IT AND COMMUNICATION COMPANY HealthTech, Healthcare IT Cloud Solutions Company is a leading Saudi company specialized in providing a cutting-edge healthcare information technology solutions and services across Saudi Arabia  the Middle East  and Africa. We are dedicated to offering inn ..."
"HUMANONE CYBERSECURITY Networking & Infrastructure, Consulting System & Integration Services, Modems humanOne est une entreprise spécialisée dans l’accompagnement  le conseil  l’intégration de solutions de sécurité et l’externalisation des services de gestion de la Sécurité des Systèmes d’Information. Notre raiso ..."
I-LEARN BY TIMLOG SOLUTIONS  At i-Learn  we are revolutionizing online learning and training for   and international companies. Our platform offers tailored online courses that address the latest trends and advancements  empowering employees and decisi ...
"I-ON COMMUNICATIONS Software Services, Business Intelligence Solutions, Data Analytics & Automation, Finance & Accounting Software I-ON COMMUNICATIONS  a software company based in Seoul  South Korea  has been providing various data management solutions and services since its establishment in 1999. I-ON is not only the leader in CMS(Content Management System) ..."
"I-SEE LTD Software Services, Metaverse, Immersive Tech, HealthTech, Artificial Intelligence, Machine Learning, Planning and Optimization, Healthcare Consultancy Service, Healthcare IT, Medical Education Institute, Medical Facilities I-See solution are mainly web applications (web apps) for fully customized predictive simulations according to the requirements of the final users. I-See propose a new approach merging computing expertise with high competences in ..."
"I-SENSE Internet of Things (IOT), Coding and Development, Big Data & Analytics, Artificial Intelligence, Machine Learning, Predictive APIs, Cloud Solutions, Data Analytics, Data Science, Digital Transformation We're a leading service provider dedicated to optimizing maintenance and production availability for industrial clients. Specializing in Reliability and Maintenance 5.0 solutions  we offer tailored predictive maintenance software ..."
"I3 TECHNOLOGIES Smart Cities, Education Tech, Consumer Tech, Smart Home & Smart Workplace, 5G & Telecommunications, Communication Equipment, Education Technology Solutions, Smart Class Room Solution, Presentation equipment, Mobile learning solutions, EdTech & Smart Classroom Solution Founded on a vision of making learning and work more dynamic  interactive  and efficient  i3 Technologies has established itself as a leader in the field of collaboration and interaction solutions. The very essence of the i3 Tech ..."
"IBEXA Software Services, Media, Marketing & Advertising Tech, Ecommerce, Cloud Services, Coding and Development, Content Delivery & Management, Backend Development, Frontend Development, Web Development, eCommerce Software Ibexa Digital Experience Platform (DXP) helps brands to reach their true potential by transforming their complexity into competitive advantage through engaging digital experiences. Ibexa DXP is an end-to-end digital experience pla ..."
IBIK SOFTWARE OU  IBIK Software is a leading multiseat company. Our company was established on 2003. Our ASTER program allows creating up to 12 workplaces based on 1 Windows PC. To add a workplace  just connect 1 more monitor and a keyboard/mouse s ...
ICARUS SRL  carus develops an AI-based platform that assists patients at any time during the post-hospitalization phase or upon receiving specific diagnoses  and supports doctors in managing follow-up care. Icarus has validated pathologies su ...
ICEX-INVEST IN SPAIN Incubator/Accelerator/Investment Invest in Spain is an executive division of ICEX Trade and Investment  a publicly owned business-oriented entity of the Ministry of Economy  Trade and Business's Secretary of State for Commerce. Our mission is: ? To promote  attra ...
ICONIC MICRO INC.  Iconic Micro is an dynamic and experienced distributor of IT and Consumer Electronics. We have an experienced team of professionals who are constantly working to find and offer the best deals for IT and Consumer Electronics. Iconi ...
"ICP 3D Printing & Printing Services, Digitization / services / tool and die making - Data and IT security, protection of intellectual property Federal Authority for Identity  Citizenship  Customs & Port Security (ICP) was established on Sha’ban 15  1425H corresponding to September 29  2004 under the name “Emirates Identity Authority” under Federal Law No. (2) for t ..."
"ICT MAURITANIA Incubator/Accelerator/Investment, Software Services, Cyber security, Cloud Services, 5G & Telecommunications, Cabling, Data Centres, Cloud Management & Optimisation, Cloud Security, Legal, Regulations, Investigations & Compliance Design  coordinate and evaluate national policies in terms of Digital Transformation  innovation and Modernization of Administration in Mauritania."
"ID&A TECH Digital Finance, Big Data & Analytics, Artificial Intelligence, Analytics as a service, Apache Kafka, Apache Spark, Applications, Artificial Intelligence, Business Intelligence, Cloud Solutions ID&A Tech  based in Technopark Casablanca     is a pioneer in applying artificial intelligence and Business Intelligence to financial data management. Founded in 2020 by experts with over two decades of experience  we specia ..."
"IDENTIC GE Incubator/Accelerator/Investment, Education Tech, Coaching and mentoring AI Chat AI Image Generator AI Video Text to Speech Login AI Chat AI Chat is an AI chatbot that writes text. You can use it to write stories  messages  or programming code. You can use the AI chatbot as a virtual tutor in almost ..."
"IDX HAVACILIK ÇÖZÜMLERI VE BILIŞIM TEKNOLOJILERI TICARET A.Ş. Software Services, Cloud Services, Coding and Development, Big Data & Analytics, Artificial Intelligence, Chatbots / Virtual Assistant, Deep Learning Platforms, Machine Learning, Neural Networks, Artificial Intelligence We offer all our products as SAAS on public clouds or inside your company private cloud environment. Our products are located into two main divisions: Retail and Operations. Inflight Retail Platform is our first product on airlin ..."
IEPM  It is a cloud-based platform with a registered trademark and intellectual property rights owned by the Integrated Environment for Project Management Company. It brings together a set of integrated tools and systems that include  f ...
"IGAMER CORP Mobile Accessories & Peripherals, Metaverse, Immersive Tech, Gaming, Consumer Tech, Smart Home & Smart Workplace, Coding and Development, Gaming, Communication Equipment, Computer and Mobile Hardware, Storage & Peripherals, Printing Solutions, Console Gaming iGamer Corp  is a subsidiary of SUNRISE INTERNATIONAL GRUP CORP. Founded in 2011  with headquarters in the city of Miami  State of Florida. It is aimed at providing high  medium and low-range computer equipment to the main distrib ..."
"IGLOO CORPORATION Cyber security, Network & Infrastructure Security, Software Development Security IGLOO Corporation has led the growth of the infosec market by providing cutting-edge security solutions and services to major government agencies both domestically and internationally. For our main solutions  there is an integrat ..."
"IGNITE NATIONAL TECHNOLOGY FUND Big Data & Analytics, Analytics as a service, Data Analytics, Data Mining, Data Science Ignite funds startups and innovative projects that utilize 4th industrial wave tech to solve local problems and target global opportunities in health  education  energy  agriculture  telecom  finance and other verticals. Our natio ..."
IIEY'COM  ILEY'COM is an omnichannel marketplace that enables African artisans to sell their products internationally online  while providing them with a turnkey solution for logistical aspects  online payments  customs procedures  and digi ...
"IKNOWFARM AgriTech & FoodTech, Software Services, Agricultural Machinery And Equipment, Agricultural Marketplaces, Climate-Smart Agriculture, Mobile Applications Since our launch in April 2022  we have worked with over 38 000 farmers in Uganda  empowering them with the knowledge and resources they need. At iKnowFarm  we employ a user-centric approach  ensuring that our services are relevan ..."
"ILADARY Digital Finance, Incubator/Accelerator/Investment, Retail Tech, Cloud Services, Artificial Intelligence, Machine Learning, Cloud Service Provider - CSP, Banking Solutions, Payments - Cash Management Iladary introduces a revolutionary delivery platform that masterfully integrates Ai  RPA  and gaming mechanics  aiming to transform the delivery industry across Africa. Addressing vital challenges such as weak local connections  n ..."
"IMCOPEX GMBH Networking & Infrastructure, Mobile Accessories & Peripherals, Gaming, Ecommerce, Consumer Tech, Smart Home & Smart Workplace, Electronic Components (Connection Devices, Electron Tubes, Etc), Electronic Equipment & Instruments (Barcode Readers, POS Machines, Etc), Headphones, Home Entertainment Solutions / Integration Systems, Leisure, Health & Lifestyle Wearables imcopex: Your supplier for IT hardware  office supplies and consumer electronics imcopex has been the first choice for business customers as an internationally active supplier in the areas of office supplies  IT hardware  consumer ..."
"INCOMEDIA SRL Creative Economy, Media, Marketing & Advertising Tech, Education Tech, Ecommerce, Consumer Tech, Smart Home & Smart Workplace, Office Automation & Equipment, Advertising, Electronic Publishing, Publishing, Software Incomedia  headquartered in Italy  has established itself as a prominent software provider specializing in website and e-commerce creation solutions tailored for Small and Medium-sized Enterprises (SMEs). At the heart of Incomedia ..."
"INDATACORE Digital Finance, Software Services, Regulatory Technology, Artificial Intelligence, Data Extraction, Facial / Iris Recognition, Machine Learning, Natural Language Processing (NLP), Optical character recognition (OCR), Banking Solutions Our mission is to support our clients in the banking  insurance  and telecom sectors through their digital transformation processes  offering a vast array of innovative solutions tailored to digital customer onboarding. Our produc ..."
INDRA  Indra's business model is based on a comprehensive range of proprietary products  with high-value approach and a significant innovative component  making it the technological partner for the digitalization and key operations of it ...
INEO  INEO is a startup company specialized in developing innovative financial technology tools tailored to streamline and optimize various aspects of business management to offer a management solution that facilitate collaboration betw ...
"INES Smart Manufacturing, Smart Cities, Internet of Things (IOT), 5G & Telecommunications, Cabling, Fixed Line Telecommunications, Mobile Telecommunications & 5G, Telecommunication Integration & Equipment Services, Industrial IoT (IIoT) & Connectivity, Telecommunications INES S.A  Created in 1980  specializes in manufacturing complete and adapted solutions for Urban Development  for Electrical Line Equipment and for Telecoms & FTTH. Thanks to its known and recognized expertise and through the crea ..."
"INETUM Networking & Infrastructure, Cyber security, Cloud Services, Coding and Development, Analytics, Applications including Development, Deployment & Design, Cloud Management & Optimisation, Cloud Management Platform, Infrastructure as a Service - IaaS, IT Service Management - ITSM Inetum is an agile IT services company that provides digital services and solutions. As a global group  Inetum helps companies and institutions to get the most out of digital flow. Our services portfolio comprises a wide-coverage ..."
"INFLECTRA CORPORATION Software Services, HealthTech, Energy Tech, Cloud Services, Coding and Development, Software as a Service - SaaS, Devops, Enterprise Applications, Operating Systems Development, Government Regulators & Utlities Inflectra helps companies build and release critical software with speed  quality  and compliance. Our platform offers seamless requirements management  test automation  risk analysis  and full lifecycle traceability. Our clients ..."
"INFOCUS TECHNOLOGIES PVT LTD Software Services, Cloud Services, Coding and Development, Artificial Intelligence, Chatbots / Virtual Assistant, Machine Learning, Analytics, Applications including Development, Deployment & Design, Big Data & Analytics, Cloud Service Provider - CSP Infocus Technologies Pvt Ltd is a India based SAP  ERP & Cloud consulting company. We are involved in SAP consulting  resourcing and training services. Infocus is an ISO 9001:2008 DNV certified Company  CMMI Level 3 Certified co ..."
INFOSYSTA  INFOSYSTA is a Digital Transformation Experts and Atlassian Platinum Solution Partner in the Middle East. Its mission is to provide companies with advanced development and consultancy expertise in various business solutions such a ...
"INFRANUM Smart Cities, Consumer Tech, Smart Home & Smart Workplace, 5G & Telecommunications, Broadband Services, Cabling, Data Centres, Fixed Line Telecommunications, Geospatial Solutions & Services, IP Communications & Applications, Mobile Telecommunications & 5G The only French federation representing the end-to-end digital infrastructure industry  InfraNum brings together over 200 companies (design offices  operators  integrators  equipment manufacturers  service providers  etc.). As an ..."
INGECYS TECHNOLOGIES  INGECYS TECHNOLOGIES GROUP is a leading telecom and IT Group offering  since 2007  solutions tailored to the needs of its customers in    Ouest Africa  Europe and Middle East helping them to achieve their goals and move to n ...
"INGRAM MICRO NORTH AFRICA Internet of Things (IOT), Data Centres, Cyber security, Big Data & Analytics, Anti-spam, Anti-Malware & Anti-Virus & Email Security, Business Continuity & Disaster Recovery Planning, Cloud Security, Data Governance, Risk & Compliance, Endpoint Protection & Mobile Security, Internet of Things (IoT) Security Ingram Micro North Africa was established in   in 2015 to address the potential offered by the digital transformation of the North  West and Central African markets. We distribute a wide range of Value Added solutions and pr ..."
"INHOVATE SOLUTIONS Digital Finance, PropTech, Cloud Services, Big Data & Analytics, Artificial Intelligence, Data Extraction, Machine Learning, Analytics as a service, Artificial Intelligence, Business Intelligence inHovate is an integrated Enterprise SaaS PropTech platform that seamlessly integrates and unifies data from across various hospitality software systems and harnesses the power of AI and big data to revolutionize the hospitality i ..."
"INNO INSTRUMENT Smart Manufacturing, Networking & Infrastructure, Internet of Things (IOT), 5G & Telecommunications, Cabling, Mobile Telecommunications & 5G, Telecommunication Integration & Equipment Services, Industrial IoT (IIoT) & Connectivity, IoT Solutions, Telecommunications INNO Instrument is a leader in the fibre optic industry  dedicated to offering top-notch products and services that enhance operational efficiency. Specializing in FTTx  Optical Network Cabling  and RF Solutions  INNO has earned r ..."
"INNOPTICAL NETWORKS Data Centres, Cloud Services, 5G & Telecommunications, Cabling, Communication Equipment, Data Centres, Mobile Telecommunications & 5G, Networks, Telecommunication, Cabling Established in 2016  Innoptical Networks Co. Ltd. has been a professional fiber optic supplier providing the latest high-quality fiber optic products to a variety of customers across the globe. We provide OEM/ODM services for your ..."
"INNOVATION AND DIGITAL DEVELOPMENT AGENCY (IDDA) Sustainability & Green Climate - Tech, Regulatory Technology, HealthTech, Cyber security, Big Data & Analytics, Data Science, Digital Transformation, Open Source, Application Control, Application integration and infrastructure IDDA's primary objective is to make Azerbaijan a digital innovation hub in the region. For this purpose  we concentrate our activities in the digitization of the country. E-gov  My-gov  and other related projects target making gov ..."
"INNOVATIVE TECHNOLOGY SOUTH AFRICA Space Tech, Internet of Things (IOT), Blockchain, Big Data & Analytics, Artificial Intelligence, Machine Learning, Analytics as a service, Data Analytics, Data back-up, IoT Smart Revenue Recovery  Enhancement & Management Solutions (SRREMS) Smart Metering As A Service (SMAAS) A Single Platform to Purchase Water  Electricity  Gas in prepaid or postpaid that enables the collection of Rent  Levies  Rate ..."
"INNOVX S.A AgriTech & FoodTech, Agricultural Marketplaces, Agriculture 4.0 (Crop Production and Livestock), AI & Nutrition INNOVX is a multi-disciplinary  multi-sectorial company committed to “Pioneering the Next industries” by building innovative  high-performing technological businesses and ecosystems with a strong environmental and social impac ..."
"INOI LLC Consumer Tech, Smart Home & Smart Workplace, Computer and Mobile Hardware, Storage & Peripherals, Smart Appliances / Gadgets, Smart Phones, Tablets / Laptops, Wearables INOI is an international technology company founded by European telecom experts in 2016  with headquarters in Dubai. It specializes in developing modern mobile devices and offers a wide array of the latest smartphones  functional ..."
"INSIGHT MEDIA AND PUBLISHING Media, Marketing & Advertising Tech, AdTech, Broadcasting, Content Creation, Creativity & Design, Digital Asset Management, Digital Marketing, Distribution, Email Marketing, Event Management CXO Insight Middle East is the most trusted source of strategic intelligence for IT decision-makers in the Middle East."
INSIGHT SOLUTIONS SA  We are a   startup excelling in smart city tech  focusing on waste management and public lighting. As  's top IoT solutions provider  we operate in over 10 cities  including Tangiers  Rabat  Casablanca  Marrakesh  Ifr ...
INSIGHTEX  InsightEx is a Mauritanian startup that creates solutions combining satellite data engineering and artificial intelligence to provide solutions in the fields of agriculture  environment  and hydrology. Its value proposition is to ...
INTEGRATED AERIAL PRECISION  Integrated Aerial Precision (IAPrecision) addresses the persistent challenge of pest and disease outbreaks in Nigeria's agriculture  contributing significantly to solving the broader issue of food insecurity in the country. Integr ...
"INTELCOM Space Tech, Networking & Infrastructure, Data Centres, Cyber security, 5G & Telecommunications, Billing / OSS / BSS, Broadband Services, Cabling, Communication Equipment, Converged / Unified Communications INTELCOM positions itself as a global IT solutions integrator and trusted advisor. Our aim is to assist clients in efficiently managing their IT infrastructures and services by providing tailored solutions  simplifying risk manage ..."
INTELLIGENTICA  INTELLIGENTCA is at the forefront of revolutionizing fisheries management through the integration of cutting-edge data science and artificial intelligence technologies. Our tailored solutions empower stakeholders in the fishing in ...
"INTERID.SYS Consumer Tech, Smart Home & Smart Workplace, Ecommerce, Electronic Equipment & Instruments (Barcode Readers, POS Machines, Etc), eLogistics Founded in 2001  INTER ID SYS is a   company that has established itself as the undisputed African leader in the distribution of digital identification and traceability equipment. With years of accumulated expertise  strate ..."
INTERNATIONAL TRADE CENTRE (ITC) Incubator/Accelerator/Investment ITC is the joint agency of the United Nations and the World Trade Organization  fully dedicated to supporting small businesses of developing countries to trade. ITC focuses on equipping micro  small and medium-sized enterprises (M ...
"INTERSYS LTD Creative Economy, Software Services, Ecommerce, Coding and Development, Artificial Intelligence, Articulated Robots, Chatbots / Virtual Assistant, Robotic Process Automation, Artificial Intelligence, Backend Development At the core of Intersys lies a relentless pursuit of innovation  driven by cutting-edge technology in order to fuel the growth of your company. We are driven by the commitment to redefine the boundaries  ushering in a future whe ..."
"INVT Future Mobility & Transportation, Data Centres, Big Data & Analytics, 5G & Telecommunications, Data Infrastructure, Cabinets and Enclosures, Cabling, Cooling, Critical Power, Data Building & Verification Established in 2002  INVT has been always investing in technology innovation. Twelve years ago in 2010  a group of young people joined INVT. They established INVT Power with great vitality and courage. Since then  this company has ..."
"INWI Data Centres, Cyber security, Consumer Tech, Smart Home & Smart Workplace, Cloud Services, 5G & Telecommunications, Broadband Services, Billing / OSS / BSS, Communication Equipment, Converged / Unified Communications, Data Centres Inwi is a global operator  in    that not only offers state-of-the-art telecommunications solutions but also provides first-class digital solutions  international-standard data centers (Tier-3)  cloud services  and cybersecu ..."
"IQ & QNEX Education Tech, Audio Visual Equipment & Resources, EdTech & Smart Classroom Solution, Educational Support & Other Service Returnstar Interactive Technology Group Co.  Ltd has been dedicated to educational industry since 2006. With 15 years of development  we have been well-known in the global market for two brands: IQ and Q-NEX. Our solutions under t ..."
"IQVIA MAROC HealthTech, Healthcare Consultancy Service, Healthcare IT, Laboratory Technology, Medical Facilities, Medical Practice IQVIA (NYSE:IQV) is a leading global provider of advanced analytics  technology solutions  and clinical research services to the life sciences and healthcare industry. IQVIA creates intelligent connections across all aspects of he ..."
IR4LAB  MENA's Premier Blockchain Innovator  Backed by Saudi Aramco. At the forefront of technological advancement  we stand as the vanguard of innovation in the MENA region. With the backing of Saudi Aramco  a global leader in energy an ...
"IT4KAN LTD. Artificial Intelligence, HealthTech, Healthcare IT, AI-optimized Hardware IT4KAN is a manufacturer of modern IT systems for medicine  including among others: PACS  RIS  Teleradiological system. All of them support information management processes in diagnostic imaging facilities and support medical imag ..."
"ITALIAN TRADE AGENCY MOROCCO 5G & Telecommunications, Service Providers ITA - Italian Trade Agency is the Governmental agency that supports the business development of our companies abroad and promotes the attraction of foreign investment in Italy. With a motivated and modern organization and a wides ..."
"ITANCIA Digital Finance, Future Mobility & Transportation, Education Tech, Data Centres, Cyber security, Anti-spam, Anti-Malware & Anti-Virus & Email Security, Application Control, Application integration and infrastructure, Application Security, Testing & Control, Applied Security The 3 pillars of our business : Itancia Technology  the group’s distribution business  selects and offers innovative technology solutions from over 75 market-leading brands to meet all needs. As a service provider  Itancia Facto ..."
ITC / NTF V  Practical support for trade-led business The world faces monumental economic challenges  with the most vulnerable battered by social and economic instability. We at ITC are working to change this through trade for good. We offer ...
"ITHACA Networking & Infrastructure, HealthTech, Data Centres, Cyber security, 5G & Telecommunications, Broadband Services, Cabling, Communication Equipment, Data Centres, IP Communications & Applications ITHACA  a subsidiary of the TKH GROUP  was established in 1991. It operates as a distributor of security systems  fire alarms  intrusion detection systems  access control systems  nurse call systems  door automation systems  inter ..."
"ITZR TEHCNOLOGY Networking & Infrastructure, Internet of Things (IOT), Gaming, Consumer Tech, Smart Home & Smart Workplace, 5G & Telecommunications, Mobile Telecommunications & 5G, Computer and Mobile Hardware, Storage & Peripherals, Tablets / Laptops, PC Gaming, IoT Solutions Shenzhen ITZR Technology Co.  Ltd started as a computer motherboard R&D house back to earlier 2001  and has grown to become an IS014001 & IS09001-certified major vendor in Laptop  AII-in-One PC  Mini PC  Tablet PC and computer acc ..."
IVS (IDEH VARZAN SYSTEM)  Ideh Varzan System (IVS) was established in 2014 with the goal of producing new and comprehensive software products to address critical business issues. IVS has developed intelligent and innovative software  taking into ac ...
IWOMI TECHNOLOGIES  Building financial products in Africa typically requires 1-3 years  is costly  and bureaucratic. IWOMI is the leading BaaS provider in Central Africa  enabling Banks  MFIs and Fintechs to launch new products in record time  fully ...
IYADA  IYADA software is designed to help doctors in   manage their practices. It offers features like appointment scheduling  patient records  billing  and stock management. Accessible from mobiles and web  IYADA improves efficien ...
IZEM CONSULTING  IZEM Consulting: Revolutionizing Energy Management IZEM Consulting leads in energy management with VisualMetric  our flagship product revolutionizing real-time monitoring. Integrating AI and machine learning  we deliver reliable  ...
"JABRA Creative Economy, Education Tech, Consumer Tech, Smart Home & Smart Workplace, Artificial Intelligence, 5G & Telecommunications, Communication Equipment, Video, Wireless, AI-optimized Hardware, Audio Systems & Equipment Jabra is a world leading brand in audio  video and collaboration solutions – engineered to empower consumers and businesses. Proudly part of GN Group  we are committed to bringing people closer to one another and to what is impo ..."
"JAFIFE Software Services, Energy Tech, Big Data & Analytics, Artificial Intelligence, AgriTech & FoodTech, Agri-Data and Analytics, Agricultural Marketplaces, Agriculture 4.0 (Crop Production and Livestock), Autonomous systems, Climate-Smart Agriculture JAFIFE is a technology company that enables IT-based drying in smart solar dryers. Our vision : To be pioneers of innovation  distinguished in building and protecting the future. Our mission : We seek to promote the use of green t ..."
"JAITESTE.COM Media, Marketing & Advertising Tech, Artificial Intelligence, Chatbots / Virtual Assistant, Deep Learning Platforms, AdTech, Artificial Intelligence, Audio, Pod Casts & Video Marketing, Broadcasting, Content Creation, Content Marketing JaiTesté is a media powerhouse with the premier performance catalyst app for restaurateurs  hoteliers  and beauty/leisure centers. It offers unparalleled visibility and reputation among a verified and engaged community  ensuring ..."
"JALIOS Software Services, Cloud Services, Blockchain, Artificial Intelligence, Chatbots / Virtual Assistant, Enterprise Software / Operating Systems, Software as a Service - SaaS, Mobility Enterprise Solutions Leader d’Intranet et Digital Workplace  Jalios fournit une plateforme collaborative pour rendre durablement l’organisation plus efficace"
"JAMSTICKS INDIA PRIVATE LIMITED Mobile Accessories & Peripherals, Accessories - Cases & Covers, Accessories - Chargers, Accessories - Data Cables, Accessories - Mifi Products, Accessories - Tempered glasses, USB Gadgets - USB chargers, Wearables - Smart watches At Sprig  we take pride in offering a comprehensive range of mobile accessories  specialising in mobile back covers and screen guards. In just four years  we've sold over 7000+ SKUs for 200+ phone models  offering 50+ colors and ..."
JAPAN EXTERNAL TRADE ORGANISATION - JETRO  Japan External Trade Organization- JETRO  is a Japanese government-related organization under the Ministry of Economy  Trade and Industry (METI) of Japan. JETRO aims to promotes mutual trade and investment between Japan and the r ...
"JEUNESSE FRANCOPHONE Big Data & Analytics, Artificial Intelligence, AgriTech & FoodTech, 5G & Telecommunications, 3D Printing & Printing Services, Apprenticeship, Training and Qualification, Design & Product Development - 3D Data Utilization, Design & Product Development - 3D Mapping, Design & Product Development - Digitizing of Components, Design & Product Development - Engineering and part design La Promotion des Jeunes de l'espace Francophones"
JIHAD BERAICH  AFRIHEALTH SOLUTIONS provides and develops hospital information systems and software for hospitals. These systems are designed to facilitate the management of all medical and administrative information within a hospital and are cu ...
"JISULIFE Consumer Tech, Smart Home & Smart Workplace, Electronic Components (Connection Devices, Electron Tubes, Etc), Home Appliances, Leisure, Health & Lifestyle Wearables, Personal Care Applicances, Smart Appliances / Gadgets JISULIFE is a solution provider pivots on creative and sustainable gadgets for personal space. JISULIFE is the world’s No.1 Portable Fan brand(Data source: Euromonitor) 8 years of experience in the lifestyle industry and specia ..."
"JITONG Mobile Accessories & Peripherals, Internet of Things (IOT), Data Centres, 5G & Telecommunications, Cabling, Data Centres, Fixed Line Telecommunications, Mobile Telecommunications & 5G, Satellite & Distribution, Cabling Ningbo Jitong Electronics Co.  Ltd. is located in the beautiful port city - Ningbo. We are specialized in manufacturing all kinds of optical components  moulds and precise metal parts. Our yearly output of FTTH products has reache ..."
"JOB UP Creative Economy, Cloud Services, Blockchain, Artificial Intelligence, 3D Printing & Printing Services, Apprenticeship, Training and Qualification, Digitization / services / tool and die making - Data and IT security, protection of intellectual property, Chatbots / Virtual Assistant, Natural Language Generation (NLG), Payments / Wallets / Exchange Gateways The idea of creating JobUp emerged after the Covid-19 health crisis. With the impact of lockdown on the job market Today  JobUp leverages technology and innovation to meet these needs. JobUp provides an opportunity for those witho ..."
JOB2COM  Production of Digital Training Modules : We design and produce innovative and interactive digital training modules to meet your training needs. Utilizing the latest technologies and educational methodologies  our modules are desig ...
JOBBEE  JobBee enables scaling tech companies to hire vetted remote developers more efficiently and developers looking for a full-time remote job to grow their career internationally while staying in their home country. To do so we’ve ...
"JOBEXPO.MA Software Services, Smart Cities, Media, Marketing & Advertising Tech, Education Tech, Cloud Services, Recruitment, Software as a Service - SaaS, Coaching and mentoring, Event Management, Education Technology Solutions Unlock exciting career paths in  's booming tech scene! Join us at Gitex Africa from May 29th to 31st in Marrakech with the JobExpo.ma team! We're not just a platform; we're your gateway to limitless career possibilities in ..."
"JOBGATE Smart Manufacturing, Digital Finance, Software Services, Education & Training, Cloud, AI & Machine Learning, HR Tech JOBGATE is your premier online platform connecting ambitious young talent with dynamic career opportunities. Our mission is to bridge the gap between professionals and the next generation of talent  empowering both sides to thrive ..."
JOBOP  Jobop is a startup that aims to improve the employability of millions of temporary workers. Our platform connects temporary workers with leading companies with the vision that technology and the use of data is the key leverage to ...
JOBWINWIN GITEX 2024  Sure  here's your statement translated into English: Jobwinwin offers a simple  efficient  and fast solution by revolutionizing recruitment with a system of bidirectional matches validated by mutual 'likes'  which beyond suitabil ...
JODOOR  Jodoor is an Agri-Tech startup aiming to democratize controlled-environment agriculture in Africa and Middle East. Our mission is to support traditional farmers in transitioning to the agriculture of the future through an innovat ...
"JTC Networking & Infrastructure, Mobile Accessories & Peripherals, Gaming, Data Centres, Consumer Tech, Smart Home & Smart Workplace, Audio Systems & Equipment, Communication Equipment, Computer and Mobile Hardware, Storage & Peripherals, Digital Imaging Equipment, Electronic Equipment & Instruments (Barcode Readers, POS Machines, Etc) Our Forte ?A significant network of distribution outlets  throughout Africa and the Middle East A management team with in-depth understanding  experience  know-how  and acceptance in the markets. Energetic  talented  and customer- ..."
"JUBIX CO., LTD. Internet of Things (IOT), Big Data & Analytics, AgriTech & FoodTech, IoT, IoT, Sensors, Smart lighting JUBIX Co.  Ltd. has core technology based on embedded software and promotes smart grid AMI business  loT social safety business  weather and environmental monitoring and prediction business using IT wireless communication technolo ..."
JUNIPER NETWORKS - STARLINK  At Juniper  we strive to deliver network experiences that transform how people connect  work and live. By challenging the inherent complexity in the 5G and cloud era  our solutions power the connections that matter most - from ed ...
JURIDIA  Juridia is the first Artificial Intelligence trained exclusively on   regulations. In addition to providing users with a precise answer from the   legal corpus  Juridia allows them to vizualise the source in real-ti ...
"JUSTYOL Retail Tech, Ecommerce, eLogistics, Platforms, Supply Chain Solutions, E-commerce & M-commerce - Digital Shopper Analytics & Engagement, E-commerce & M-commerce - Mobile Commerce, E-commerce & M-commerce - Multi-Channel Solutions, E-commerce & M-commerce - Product Search & Discovery, Store Operations - Automation Justyol is an e-commerce platform (Web/App) focusing on the fashion and apparel category. It is acting as a cross-border marketplace for the suppliers in    Turkey  and Egypt to sell their products across the MENA region sta ..."
K ELECTRONICS AV PRO  Distributor of 16 Audio Video Professional Brands. Absen - Kramer - Bosch - MaxHub - Sennheiser - Xilica - Arthur Holm - Jupiter - Joan - Chief - Vaddio - Projecta - Inogeni - Sharp/NEC & Middle Atlantic - Luxus. Assistance pre s ...
"KALBE Digital Finance, Card Service Card Kalbe  your new power in digital transactions  offers revolutionary mobile app prepaid virtual cards. Say goodbye to long waits and hassles with traditional prepaid cards. Kalbe provides an instant  secure solution for online paym ..."
KALISIMBI TECH (XANAHEALTH)  XanaHealth is a product of Karisimbi Tech Solutions Ltd  an award-winning company headquartered in Rwanda. Our mission is to enable healthcare service providers access to digital tools that improve patient outcomes and enhance eff ...
"KAPTIFI Networking & Infrastructure, Internet of Things (IOT), Artificial Intelligence, Computer Vision, Data Extraction, Facial / Iris Recognition, Machine Learning, Predictive APIs, Artificial Intelligence, Cloud Services TechFlipp is a pioneering AI-driven technology company  revolutionizing customer and guest intelligence solutions. With a team of experienced data scientists  developers  and engineers. At the forefront of our offerings is Kaptif ..."
"KASPERSKY Ecommerce, Blockchain, Security / Cybersecurity, Telecoms & Mobility, Security / Cybersecurity Kaspersky is a global cybersecurity and digital privacy company building a safer world for over 25 years. Kaspersky protects over 400 million consumers and 220 000 businesses worldwide from digital risks and cyberthreats  and offe ..."
"KEED X MOOBITECH Digital Finance, Software Services, Gaming, Cyber security, Data Governance, Risk & Compliance, Digital Lending, Digital Payment, E-Payment Solutions, Transactional Platforms, Mobile Gaming KGL Group is a wholly-owned Ghanaian group of companies  with interests in Technology Innovation  Fin-Tech  Logistics  Trade  Property Development  Gaming and Commerce. The parent company commands a network of specialized business ..."
"KEEP IN TOUCH Consumer Tech, Smart Home & Smart Workplace, Automation & IoT, Electronic Equipment & Instruments (Barcode Readers, POS Machines, Etc), Healthcare Electronics, Office Automation & Equipment Keep In Touch stands at the forefront of innovation  offering a groundbreaking range of robotic solutions that revolutionize retail  advertising  and entertainment industries. Our cutting-edge cleaning robots redefine cleanliness ..."
"KENSINGTON Digital Finance, Mobile Accessories & Peripherals, Education Tech, Consumer Tech, Smart Home & Smart Workplace, 5G & Telecommunications, Video, Audio Systems & Equipment, Computer and Mobile Hardware, Storage & Peripherals, Headphones, Smart Security Kensington - The Professionals' Choice Kensington is a leading provider of desktop and mobile device accessories  trusted by IT  educators  business  and home office professionals around the world for more than 40 years. Kensing ..."
"KENZ'UP Digital Finance, Retail Tech, Media, Marketing & Advertising Tech, Automation, Content Marketing, Data Analytics, Digital Marketing, Marketing Automation, Customer Experience & Retention - Loyalty Programmes, Digital Payment Kenz’up is a FinTech and is the only digital operator in   offering cashback services. Kenz’up has built an acceptance ecosystem with over 40 brands across   (with 1200 accepting points of sale)  allowing users to ..."
KEREYA  Kereya is a transformative electronic medical records (EMR) platform designed to enhance healthcare access and outcomes  particularly in rural Africa. By digitizing medical records and facilitating secure information sharing among ...
"KESINO Data Centres, Big Data & Analytics, Data Infrastructure, Cabinets and Enclosures, Data Centre Infrastructure Management Beijing KESINO Engineering Technology Co.  LTD. (KESINO) is a modern high-tech enterprise focusing on the console field  relying on perfect supply chain management  to provide customers with professional customized solutions and ..."
KEYSIGHT - STARLINK  At Keysight (NYSE: KEYS)  we inspire and empower innovators to bring world-changing technologies to life. As an S&P 500 company  we're delivering market-leading design  emulation  and test solutions to help engineers develop and d ...
"KEZAKOO Education Tech, Coaching and mentoring, Content development and design, Educational Support & Other Service, Game Based Learning Programs & Simulations, Learning strategy, Mobile learning solutions Since its inception  Kezakoo has helped more than 6 million students succeed in their education. Kezakoo directly addresses the challenges faced by the public school system in Africa  characterized by limited access to quality e ..."
KHABIRY  Khabiry is an innovative platform that offers expert consultation services through Khabiry Meet and Khabiry Brain. Khabiry Meet facilitates direct video consultations with experts across various fields  while Khabiry Brain utilize ...
"KIKAZI AGRI PRODUCTS LTD Digital Finance, Consumer Tech, Smart Home & Smart Workplace, Blockchain, AgriTech & FoodTech, 3D Printing & Printing Services, Research & Development, New Food Systems, Research & Development, Electronic Equipment & Instruments (Barcode Readers, POS Machines, Etc), Industrial 3D Printing Kikazi Products ltd specializes in production of high quality millet flour under brand name kikazi millet flour original in uganda"
KIVUGREEN CORPORATION (1)  KivuGreen corporation is a company that implements digital solutions in the agricultural sector
KIWI COLLECTE  Kiwi Collecte is a crowdfunding platform that allows project holders to raise funds by creating exciting campaigns and mobilizing communities. These projects can be early stage start ups  emercency or solidarity causes  cultural e ...
"KIWONTECH Software Services, Internet of Things (IOT), Cyber security, Cloud Services, Artificial Intelligence, Machine Learning, Pattern Recognition, Cybersecurity, Software as a Service - SaaS, Anti-spam, Anti-Malware & Anti-Virus & Email Security KIWONTECH is a global leader in email security standards  pioneering the establishment of worldwide email security within the UN specialized agency ITU in 2023. Originating as South Korea's email security firm in 2019  KIWONTECH h ..."
KODAK  Established in 1983 and based in the UK  DCI is a global leader in the production and supply of ink and toner cartridges In 2016  DCI was awarded the license to produce KODAK replacement ink and toner cartridges for use in HP  Br ...
"KODEHASH TECHNOLOGIES Software Services, Gaming, Education Tech, Cloud Services, Coding and Development, Analytics, Applications including Development, Deployment & Design, Cloud Management Platform, Cost Management & Optimisation, DevOps Kodehash is at the vanguard of digital innovation  renowned as a premier Mobile App Development Company. We're committed to designing custom mobile apps that not only empower businesses but also engage and intrigue users. Boasting ..."
"KODING SCHOOLS Education Tech, Content development and design, EdTech & Smart Classroom Solution, Educational Support & Other Service, Game Based Learning Programs & Simulations, STEAM Education & Robotics Schools are facing increasing pressure from both the market and parents to incorporate Computer Science and Digital Literacy into their curriculum. Typical (Average) schools often struggle due to shortage of teachers  lack of trai ..."
"KONNECT NETWORKS Sustainability & Green Climate - Tech, Energy Management & Sustainability, Sustainable Systems - Carbon Fintech Konnect is a mobile and web-based paytech platform providing efficient  inclusive payment solutions  bridging financial access gaps for businesses and individuals across North Africa. It caters to users from small entrepreneurs to ..."
"KONTA Cloud Services, Big Data & Analytics, Artificial Intelligence, Computer Vision, Natural Language Processing (NLP), Optical character recognition (OCR), Artificial Intelligence, Cloud Solutions, Structured Data, Unstructured Data KONTA is a FinTech startup revolutionizing supplier invoice management with our SaaS platform. Designed to enhance your financial performance  KONTA automates the entire process from receipt to settlement. Accessible from anywh ..."
"KSK DEVELOPMENTS SP. Z O O Smart Cities, Internet of Things (IOT), Connectivity Modules, Data Analytics, Industrial IoT (IIoT) & Connectivity, IoT Solutions, Sensors, Smart lighting, Architecture - Design & Planning, Efficient Lighting, Mobility & Transport, Safety & Security Solutions KSK Developments deals with the design  production and implementation of devices for the broadly understood Smart City project. These are devices for: - management of vehicular and pedestrian traffic at intelligent downtown inter ..."
"KTI (DUBAI) TRADING LLC Data Centres, Cyber security, Cloud Services, Big Data & Analytics, 5G & Telecommunications, Cabling, Communication Equipment, Data Centres, Telecommunication Integration & Equipment Services, Data Infrastructure The KTl predecessor was known as the ""HUAXING"" company founded by the first generation 30 years ago. Innovation has beenwoven into the company's DNA since its foundation as a fami-ly-owned business.With decades of experience desig ..."
KUBICBITS  KubicBits  a   startup  introduces KubicFleet  a SaaS platform leveraging artificial intelligence to revolutionize fleet management. This innovative solution optimizes employee transportation by generating ideal routes and ...
"KUNTO Software Services, Mobile Accessories & Peripherals, Media, Marketing & Advertising Tech, HealthTech, Artificial Intelligence, Chatbots / Virtual Assistant, Natural Language Processing (NLP), Healthcare IT, Other Business, Personalization Kunto is a mobile app that offers sports and nutritional programs tailored to people with disabilities  illnesses  or able-bodied individuals. Kunto is a societal impact project that makes sports accessible to everyone. Kunto est ..."
KWIKS  KWIKS is positioned as the top alternative to LinkedIn and traditional recruitment firms by offering companies the ability to connect with expert headhunters in their sector of choice and in the country they prefer  all with just ...
L'WORKSHOP  L'Workshop  founded by Keltouma Chahidi  is a startup specializing in educational technology. We develop AR  VR apps  and interactive projections tailored for both B2C and B2B markets  including parents  teachers  schools  museums ...
"LAAFI CONCEPTS SAS Internet of Things (IOT), Consumer Tech, Smart Home & Smart Workplace, Cloud Services, Platform as a Service - PaaS, Software as a Service - SaaS, Smart Appliances / Gadgets, IoT Solutions, Platform Solutions, Sensors, Smart lighting Laafi Concepts' Laafi Monitor offers a comprehensive solution for monitoring the critical conditions of sensitive products like vaccines and pharmaceuticals throughout the supply chain. A physical Module to capture Temperature  H ..."
LACAISSE.MA  Lacaisse.ma est une application conçue spécialement pour la digitalisation de tout type de Restaurants et Commerces afin de leur permettre de gérer leur point de vente efficacement et facilement  elle propose une panoplie de fo ...
"LACO HealthTech, Consumer Tech, Smart Home & Smart Workplace, Personal Care Applicances, Dealers and Distributors Healthcare LACO Group / Shadazzle is a French manufacturer of natural cleaning and well-being products  founder of the original and natural cleaning stone in the World. Since creation in 1981  the company’s AND is the preservation of the p ..."
"LAITH ELECTROMECHANICAL SOLE PROPRIETORSHIP LLC Data Centres, Cloud Services, Blockchain, 5G & Telecommunications, 3D Printing & Printing Services, Cabinets and Enclosures, Cabling, Co-location, Computational Fluid Dynamics, Cooling Laith Electro Mechanical LLC  established in 1993  a major provider of Electromechanical  Engineering  Procurement and Construction solutions in the region. Laith Electro Mechanical LLC enjoys a significant core-loyal customer seg ..."
"LARA FRAGRANCE HOUSE COMPANY LTD Creative Economy, Fashion Lara Fragrance House envisions becoming the premier perfume brand in Uganda and the wider East African region  with aspirations for expansion beyond. We prioritize affordability  making luxury accessible to all. By sourcing mate ..."
LARKAI HEALTHCARE  Working for the future of healthcare  Larkai is a global med-tech company that offers advanced  affordable & accessible solutions through cutting edge AI technologies. We are bridging the gap between diagnosis & treatment by empow ...
"LATCO Consumer Tech, Smart Home & Smart Workplace, Cloud Services, Blockchain, Artificial Intelligence, 5G & Telecommunications, PABX Equipment & Services, Telecommunication Integration & Equipment Services, Video, Wireless, Real time translation Nous représentons officiellement pour le   plusieurs marques leader dans leur domaine : Specktron : Ecrans interactifs  Moniteurs & Vidéoprojecteurs  Canon: Leader mondial des appareils photo et cameras professionnels  View ..."
"LAUNCHESE Digital Finance, Incubator/Accelerator/Investment, Coding and Development, Artificial Intelligence, Chatbots / Virtual Assistant, Web Development, Payment Gateways, Payments / Wallets / Exchange Gateways, Taxation Solutions Launchese helps global entrepreneurs establish businesses in the UK and USA within days  providing a suite of services including company formation  accounting  banking consultations  VAT registration  and eCommerce support with pa ..."
"LAZYWAIT  LazyWait is a point-of-sale system that provides innovative solutions for businesses in the retail  restaurant  and service sectors. It has obtained ""Saudi Technology"" accreditation and it has been ranked by Deloitte as one of the ..."
"LBSTECH INC. Software Services, Smart Cities, Metaverse, Immersive Tech, Big Data & Analytics, Artificial Intelligence, Augmented Reality (AR), Mobility & Transport, Smart Services, Mobile Applications, Computer Vision LBStech is a social venture company that manage the walkway data. Based on our specialized walkway data  we developed our services which is walkway navigation for wheelchair users and visually impaired. We intend to provide servic ..."
"LE SPHINX Creative Economy, Quantum & High Performance Computing, PropTech, Media, Marketing & Advertising Tech, Big Data & Analytics, Dashboard, Data Analytics, Data Management, Data Visualisation, Text Analytics Prestataire global dans l’univers des enquêtes et des études  Créé il y a 35 ans  Le Sphinx se positionne sur 2 domaines d’activités : l’édition de logiciels et la prestation d’études. Grâce à la puissance de ses ..."
"LEARNSTAR Education Tech, Media, Marketing & Advertising Tech, Audio Visual Equipment & Resources, Blended learning, Certification & Licensing, Coaching and mentoring, Collaborative learning and technology, Content development and design, Content libraries, EdTech & Smart Classroom Solution Learnstar provides accessible and high-quality learning content for creatives and professionals from industry leaders and celebrities. Learnstar is a dynamic and rapidly growing online learning platform that provides accessible an ..."
"LEGITCAR AFRICA Smart Cities, Future Mobility & Transportation, Big Data & Analytics, Artificial Intelligence, Computer Vision, Artificial Intelligence, Public Safety & Security, Mobility & Transport We provide businesses and individuals access to critical vehicle data required for vehicle purchase decisions  vehicle insurance decisions  and data for effective law enforcement. This is made possible through a suite of automated ..."
"LEMO Creative Economy, Data Centres, AgriTech & FoodTech, 5G & Telecommunications, 3D Printing & Printing Services, Design & Product Development - Engineering and part design, Cabling, Communication Equipment, Fixed Line Telecommunications, IP Communications & Applications From the deepest depths of the oceans to the farthest reaches of outer space  our interconnection solutions will always meet the highest expectations.No matter how harsh the environment or critical the connections  we have the sol ..."
"LERSHA AgriTech & FoodTech, Adaptive Irrigation, Agri-Biometrics, Agricultural Machinery And Equipment, Agricultural Marketplaces, Agriculture 4.0 (Crop Production and Livestock), Climate-Smart Agriculture, Data Management, Digital control systems, Fertilizer and Fertilizer Technology Lersha is a one-stop digital platform that has an ecosystem designed for agriculture to easily connect farmers  suppliers  and service providers while providing access to vital agricultural and financial services. It has key featu ..."
"LEXAR Creative Economy, Mobile Accessories & Peripherals, Gaming, Consumer Tech, Smart Home & Smart Workplace, Computer and Mobile Hardware, Storage & Peripherals, Photography, Console Gaming, Gaming Equipment, Mobile Gaming, PC Gaming Two decades of memory  technology  and innovation. For more than 27 years  Lexar has been trusted as a leading global brand of memory solutions. Our award-winning lineup performs second-to-none and includes memory cards  USB flas ..."
LI-SOL SMART ENERGIES  Li-SOL PowerWall is a boxed and integrated Hardware/Software solution which is easily connectable to the photovoltaic solar system and the electrical grid. It includes energy conversion and battery storage devices  metering device ...
"LIFERAY AFRICA Cloud Services, Open Source, Platform as a Service - PaaS, Software as a Service - SaaS Liferay helps organizations build for the future by empowering them to create  manage  and scale tailored experiences. Trusted globally by over a thousand companies in manufacturing  healthcare  financial services  and more  Lifer ..."
"LIGHTFUNNELS Digital Finance, Software Services, Networking & Infrastructure, Media, Marketing & Advertising Tech, Ecommerce, eCommerce Software, Platforms, Web App, Design and Development, Automation, UX & UI LightFunnels takes care of the technical complexities so you can focus on what truly matters which is growing your business. Whether you're a seasoned entrepreneur or just starting out  LightFunnels offers the tools and support yo ..."
"LINCHPIN ANALYTICS PVT LTD Retail Tech, Cloud Services, Coding and Development, Big Data & Analytics, Analytics as a service, Applications, Business Intelligence, Cloud Solutions, Dashboard, Data Analytics Linchpin Analytics provides data analytics solutions and data visualizations to transform teaching and learning in schools  educational institutions and non-profit organizations across the globe. We provide rigorously developed  c ..."
"LINEWELL Software Services, Smart Cities, Internet of Things (IOT), Data Centres, Big Data & Analytics, Analytics as a service, Apache Kafka, Apache Spark, Applications, Artificial Intelligence Linewell Software Group was established in 2002 and listed on the Shanghai Main Board in 2014. It was then the first IT enterprise in Fujian Province to list on the Shanghai Main Board. Our administrative headquarters is located i ..."
"LINKAP Smart Cities, Internet of Things (IOT), Consumer Tech, Smart Home & Smart Workplace, Automation & IoT, Industrial IoT (IIoT) & Connectivity, IoT Solutions, Sensors, Smart lighting, ICT, Smart Digitial IoT Technology Linkap is a pioneer company that professionally works in the field of Internet of Things. With the help of Linkap  organizations  businesses and individuals can easily supply their requirements among a variety of devices with diff ..."
LINKSHADOW - STARLINK  At LinkShadow  our goal is to be at the forefront of the ever-evolving world of cybersecurity. We strive to adopt new architectural approaches that not only protect our clients' digital assets but also enhance their overall securi ...
"LIVE ETHIO PropTech, AI & IoT, CRM, Data & Analytics, Digital Marketing, Lending & Mortgage Tech, Listings & Brokerage Tech, Marketplaces, Smart Homes & Buildings, Tenant Experience Live Ethio is a property technology company that is digitizing the informal real estate sector in Ethiopia. We are doing this through our comprehensive marketplace where anyone can browse and compare properties. Adding transparen ..."
LIVEBIC TECHNOLOGIES  Livebic helps creators & businesses translate their voice to any language in realtime for videos and livestream
"LOGICOM Space Tech, Big Data & Analytics, Artificial Intelligence, 5G & Telecommunications, 3D Printing & Printing Services, Solutions for surface treatment - Laser Surface Treatment, Cabling, Military Communication Equipment & Services, Mobile Telecommunications & 5G, Satellite & Distribution We count on operational excellence and sound long-term relationships with the world's leading technology vendors in order to provide our customers with best-in-class products and services  when and where they need them. Applying ..."
LOGIDOO  Logidoo is a dynamic logistics and supply chain management company focused on facilitating intra-African trade. Specializing in diversified transportation solutions  Logidoo manages groupage  full transport operations  and cross-b ...
"LOGIGROUP Digital Finance, Software Services, Cyber security, Coding and Development, Big Data & Analytics, Analytics as a service, Apache Spark, Artificial Intelligence, Cloud Solutions, Data Analytics LOGIGROUP operates in the field of decision-making and application development. We offer our local and multinational partners  solutions that are complete  specific and adapted to their business requirements  supporting their digi ..."
LOGIS TECH AFRICA (AFRICA SHIP )  AfricaShip is the first innovative e-logistics technology platform specially designed for the African e-commerce market. AfricaShip offers services of the highest quality  including warehousing  order confirmation  preparation  pa ...
LOGISTIQA  Our company offers a B2B SaaS platform with embedded fintech and logistics solutions  integrating with external platforms for MSMEs in sectors like agriculture  cosmetics  goods trading  and artisanal goods in    with plans ...
"LOGITECH FZ-LLC Smart Cities, HealthTech, Education Tech, Consumer Tech, Smart Home & Smart Workplace, 5G & Telecommunications, Video, Audio Systems & Equipment, Communication Equipment, Video Systems & Equipment, EdTech & Smart Classroom Solution Logitech helps all people pursue their passions and is committed to doing so in a way that is good for people and the planet. We design hardware and software solutions that help businesses thrive and bring people together when wor ..."
LOPWORKS LIMITED  Lopworks Limited is an IT Solutions company adept at IT consulting  system and integration. After almost 20 years of operation  we are shifting our focus mostly to developing a few critical business applications and delivering sel ...
"LOYMAX LLC Digital Finance, Media, Marketing & Advertising Tech, Blockchain, Loyalty, Customer Relationship & Experience Management - CRM & CEM, Email Marketing, Marketing Automation, Personalization, Tracking & Targeting (CDP, CPP) Founded in 2010 Loymax is a developer of loyalty management and marketing automation platform. Our products include a CRM  loyalty management platform  campaign manager and an analytical module for complex analysis of business pro ..."
"LUCKYSTAR Consumer Tech, Smart Home & Smart Workplace, Communication Equipment, Computer and Mobile Hardware, Storage & Peripherals, Digital Imaging Equipment, Tablets / Laptops, Telecommunication Shenzhen Luckystar Technology Co. Ltd founded in 1999  is a manufacturing base that integrates R&D production and sales  our products include projectors  laptops and tablet PC. Customers are from Asia  Europe  North America  the M ..."
LUKAPHARMA  We are developing LukaPharma  a mobile application that will help patients (or their carers) save time when searching for medicines (particularly rare drugs) by showing them in less than 6 minutes the nearest approved pharmacy whe ...
LUPIYA  Lupiya has developed a pioneering credit-first and AI driven neobank that fundamentally transforms access to financial services in Africa. Our platform offers a comprehensive suite of online financial products  including easily ac ...
"LUXLIGHTING Smart Cities, Efficient Lighting, Facilities Management, Government Authorities & Municipalities, Smart Digitial IoT Technology LUX LIGHTING  is the leading   manufacturer specialized in design  production  and marketing of luminaires and projectors for road  architectural  sports and large-space lighting. Equipped with the latest generation automat ..."
"MACHINE LEARNING 1 Artificial Intelligence, Computer Vision, Deep Learning Platforms, Facial / Iris Recognition, Machine Learning, Natural Language Processing (NLP) A Generative AI Agency focusing on developing AI products that help shape the future."
MAG GROUP  Powering Innovation  Engineering Excellence  Transforming Lives.
"MAGICA SOFTWARE HealthTech, Cloud Services, Artificial Intelligence, Software Services, Incubator/Accelerator/Investment, Neural Networks, Cloud Management Platform, Data as a Service - DAAS, Enterprise Resource Planning - ERP, Software as a Service - SaaS GestiCab is an innovative software solution for medical management  streamlining operations for clinics and offices in    and Africa."
MAGICMIND TECHNOLOGIES LIMITED  Magicminds: Empowering Solutions & Services – Bridging the Gap with Excellence. Headquartered in the USA with global footprints spanning across India and Australia  Magicminds stands as a frontrunner in custom software solutions ...
"MAGNA WORLDWIDE Incubator/Accelerator/Investment, Smart Cities, Networking & Infrastructure, HealthTech, Government, Bridges, Smart Building & Infrastructure & Materials Magna envisions a future where African cities thrive not just economically  but in the overall well-being of their residents. We spearhead this transformation with Magna  a revolutionary hyperlocal  on-demand super app. This plat ..."
MAHARAT.MA  Maharat is an AI-powered recruitment platform that transforms talent management. By leveraging cutting-edge artificial intelligence  Maharat streamlines the hiring process to quickly and efficiently find the best candidates. Our p ...
"MAJAR Retail Tech, Digital Signage - AV Specialists, Digital Signage - Digital Menu Boards, Digital Signage - LED Signage, Digital Signage - Projectors, Digital Signage - Screen Manufacturer, Digital Signage - Totems, Digital Signage - Video Walls MAJAR - MATZARIDIS Bros SA is one of the largest distributing company of several world leading brands for South East Europe and we maintain an extensive network of business partners and sub dealers throughout 32 countries with dyn ..."
MAMDOO  Mamdoo is the future of ride-hailing in Africa. Unlike global giants  who spend millions to buy their way into the market  Mamdoo is built from the ground up with a deep understanding of the unique African landscape. We know that ...
MANAGEENGINE  As the enterprise IT management division of Zoho Corp.  ManageEngine empowers you to take control of your IT  from your security  networks  and servers to your applications  service desk  Active Directory  desktops  and mobile dev ...
MANAGEO  Manageo is a cloud based software dedicated to revolutionizing how small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) manage their business operations. it's a one-stop solution for all essential business functions  including invoicing  cus ...
"MAPHAR/PARSYS TÉLÉMÉDECINE HealthTech, Consumer Tech, Smart Home & Smart Workplace, Coding and Development, Cloud Services, Artificial Intelligence, AI-optimized Hardware, Cloud Management & Optimisation, Cloud Management Platform, Consultancy, Platform as a Service - PaaS Our mission at Parsys Telemedicine is to bring everyone the best healthcare access  whatever the situation. Anyone isolated  facing a medical emergency or subject to a certain vulnerability must be able to receive adequate medical ..."
"MARIAGES.IO Media, Marketing & Advertising Tech, Software Services, Digital Marketing, Event Management, Media Publishing, Performance Marketing, Social Media Management & Monitoring, CRM (Customer Relationship Management) Software, Mobile Applications, Procurement Software Revolutionize the wedding industry with two applications. For professionals  it offers a complete management tool between CRM and simplified customer management  online payment and digital visibility  and for couples  simplified p ..."
"MARKETPRO Creative Economy, Media, Marketing & Advertising Tech, Gaming, Education Tech, Ecommerce, Advertising, Publishing, Research and Development, Software, Video Market Pro is a hybrid marketing agency with in-house creative teams providing state-of-the-art marketing solutions to local and global businesses. We help businesses achieve explosive growth in the competitive world of SaaS and ..."
"MARKOUB.MA Future Mobility & Transportation, Mobility As A Service - Maas, Payments & Ticketing MarKoub.ma is the pioneering online bus ticketing platform in   and Africa. Partnering with more than 90 of the best local bus companies  we empower travelers with the flexibility to select their optimal journey options and ..."
"MAROC DATACENTER - MDC Data Centres, Co-location, Consultancy, Data Building & Verification, Data Centre Infrastructure Management, Data Management Solutions, Data Warehousing, Disaster Recovery, Security - Data & Virtual MDC is a   company that provides exclusive IT Datacenter services  encompassing both public and private Cloud & Managed services. Based in Temara in proximity to Rabat  the company empowers major   enterprises fro ..."
"MAROC SCHOOL BUS Cloud Services, Coding and Development, Applications including Development, Deployment & Design, Software as a Service - SaaS, Total Solution Provider, Backend Development, Cloud Computing, Devops, Enterprise Applications, Frontend Development   School Bus offers a comprehensive solution that revolutionizes school transportation management with an innovative approach  combining simplicity  optimization  and safety  thereby enhancing the experience of all stakeholder ..."
"MARRAKECH LAUNCHPAD Incubator/Accelerator/Investment, Software Services, Retail Tech, Coding and Development, 3D Printing & Printing Services, Cloud Computing, Customer Experience & Retention - CRM Systems, Industrial 3D Printing, Business Process Management, CRM (Customer Relationship Management) Software Marrakech Launchpad is an incubator and a clear roadmap. CEO Aziz Kemiha  a systems architect  led digital transformations in Europe  including at IBM and Bosch. They promote startup incubation in Marrakech. Their first SaaS proje ..."
MARRAKECH-SAFI REGIONAL INVESTMENT CENTER Incubator/Accelerator/Investment The Marrakech-Safi Regional Investment Center is a public institution focused on implementing state policies for regional development  incentives  promotion  and investment attraction  while also providing comprehensive support fo ...
MARSES ROBOTIC SOLUTIONS  MARSES is the leading company in Robotics  Industrial Automation  and AI-based solutions in the MENA Region. Since MARSES was established in 2018  we have been pioneering the transformation of industries across the MENA Region wi ...
MASSINART  We help people to decorate their walls with beautiful wall art using AR
"MASTERY Artificial Intelligence, Internet of Things (IOT), Data Extraction, Neural Networks, Application Development, Artificial Intelligence, Connectivity Modules, Data Analytics, IoT Solutions, Telemetry Traditional GPS tracking often involves manually reviewing data and system-generated reports. This process includes tracking the location  speed  route  and stop durations of vehicles or assets. Systems may also provide alerts for ..."
"MATHSCAN Education Tech, Animation & Simulation, Artificial Intelligence & IOT, Assessment and testing, Blended learning, Collaborative learning and technology, Content development and design, Didactics System & Pneumatics, EdTech & Smart Classroom Solution, Educational Support & Other Service Mathematics by nature is an interconnected subject. A small skills gap quickly becomes a gaping hole as new concepts are introduced. Thus  many low confident  frustrated and disengaged students are left behind every year. MATHSCA ..."
"MAUA MAZURI Digital Finance, Education Tech, AgriTech & FoodTech, Agriculture 4.0 (Crop Production and Livestock), Biotechnology, Climate-Smart Agriculture, Organic Agriculture, Banking Solutions, Coaching and mentoring ‘Maua – Mazuri’ a Swahili word for ‘Beautiful Plants’ is a ‘Purpose-before-Profit’ company based on the slopes of Kilimanjaro  in Tanzania  specializing in technologically advanced Tissue Culture (TC) Technology farm ..."
"MAURITECH DIGITAL Creative Economy, Retail Tech, Ecommerce, Coding and Development, Big Data & Analytics, Dashboard, Data Analytics, Digital Transformation, Web Development, Advertising Our agency offers a comprehensive range of digital marketing solutions designed to meet the diverse needs of both businesses and individuals. We also provide a variety of services  including: Digital strategy Website and app cre ..."
MAWITESSIA  Mawitessia  a joint venture between MAWI DNA Technologies and BIOTESSIA  is revolutionizing biotechnology in Africa. Established in 2022 in    our state-of-the-art facility manufactures cutting-edge biosampling kits designed ...
"MAWNOR Sustainability & Green Climate - Tech, Energy Management & Sustainability, Environmental Solutions - Water At Mawnor  we're pioneering the future of water accessibility with our state-of-the-art water machines. These machines aren't just cutting-edge in their technology  they're a beacon of hope for communities worldwide  ensuring tha ..."
"MAXTOP Mobile Accessories & Peripherals, Internet of Things (IOT), Consumer Tech, Smart Home & Smart Workplace, Wearables, Wearables, Wearables - Smart watches, Wearables - Wearables electronics Maxtop was founded in 2012  a professional OEM&ODM manufacturer for smart watches and IOT related device  integrating with design  production  marketing and service. With advanced technology and standardized management  Maxtop is ..."
"MCKINSEY & COMPANY Blockchain, Big Data & Analytics, Artificial Intelligence, AgriTech & FoodTech, 5G & Telecommunications, Mobile Telecommunications & 5G, Agri-Data and Analytics, Cloud Solutions, Data Management, Green Productivity McKinsey is a global management consulting firm committed to helping organizations accelerate sustainable and inclusive growth. We work with clients across the private  public  and social sectors to solve complex problems and crea ..."
"MCS ENGINEERING Internet of Things (IOT), Ecommerce, Big Data & Analytics, Artificial Intelligence, AgriTech & FoodTech, Adaptive Irrigation, Agriculture 4.0 (Crop Production and Livestock), AI & Nutrition, Digital control systems, Machine Learning Créée en 2004  MCS ENGINEERING a réussi le pari de devenir un partenaire privilégié dans les métiers de l’Informatique industrielle  Acquisition de données et Transport de l’information  des industries de toutes tailles ..."
"MECER INTER-ED Education Tech, Certification & Licensing, Collaborative learning and technology, Educational Support & Other Service, Learning management infrastructure, methods and systems, Training centre resources, Virtual classroom technology and services Mecer Inter-Ed is a global award-winning Training Services Provider  providing IT training and certification for multiple accredited international vendors. Based in Johannesburg  South Africa  Mecer Inter-Ed is committed to deli ..."
"MECHATRONICS Smart Manufacturing, Data Centres, Consumer Tech, Smart Home & Smart Workplace, AgriTech & FoodTech, 5G & Telecommunications, Geospatial Solutions & Services, Marine Communication Equipment & Services, Service Providers, Telecommunication Integration & Equipment Services, Wireless Our company is a leading manufacturer of equipment for telematics solutions . Our sensors are used in transport monitoring systems and for mobile and stationary objects monitoring  oil storage facilities  agricultural  special and ..."
MEDCO  Based on advanced AI algorithms that analyze radiological images (X-Rays  IRM  ...)  MedCo offers a solution that is connecting all medical specialties in one powerful diagnostic solution providing detailed insights that facilitat ...
"MEDIANOVA CDN & CLOUD SECURITY Media, Marketing & Advertising Tech, Gaming, Ecommerce, Cyber security, Cloud Services, Cloud Service Provider - CSP, Content Delivery & Management, Cybersecurity, Managed Service Provider - MSP, Private Cloud Medianova provides global CDN and Cloud security solutions. The Gartner-mentioned company has deep experience in Dynamic Site Caching  Static Content Delivery  Image Optimization  API Caching  Streaming  Hybrid CDN  Cloud Object S ..."
MEDIOT  Mediot  Disruptive medical technologies for preventive and advanced medicine
"MEDRICK GAMES Gaming, Game Publishing, Marketing / Advertising, Mobile Gaming, PC Gaming, Production Medrick is a video game publisher and development company founded in 2008 with the intention of developing and publishing AAA mobile and PC games in the MENA region. Medrick currently is one of the biggest publishers and developer ..."
"MEETION Gaming, Consumer Tech, Smart Home & Smart Workplace, Computer and Mobile Hardware, Storage & Peripherals, Headphones, Gaming Equipment, PC Gaming MEETION Owning more than 200 employees ; Factory area more than 10000?; Six full automatic production assembly lines; More than 10 full intelligent injection molding machines; Computers and gaming accessories monthly output more t ..."
MENTORCLASS ACADEMY  MentorClass Academy  * Born with the idea of revolutionizing the mode of education and learning in Africa * Encouraging individuals in search of meaning to invest in themselves * Assisting companies in enriching their training cat ...
"METRIC TREE LABS Software Services, HealthTech, Ecommerce, Cloud Services, Coding and Development, Applications including Development, Deployment & Design, Cloud Management & Optimisation, Consultancy, Customer Relationship Management - CRM, Enterprise Resource Planning - ERP In today's fast-paced digital landscape  bringing a unique and superior software product to market and scaling it can be a daunting challenge for many businesses. The lack of in-house technical expertise  the time-consuming proces ..."
"MİA TEKNOLOJİ A.Ş. HealthTech, Future Mobility & Transportation, Cloud Services, Coding and Development, Artificial Intelligence, Computer Vision, Deep Learning Platforms, Facial / Iris Recognition, Machine Learning, Natural Language Processing (NLP) MIA Teknoloji Anonim Sirketi is a leading R&D  innovation  and tech solution provider company that creates several solutions in different verticals of state-of-the-art technology. Founded in 2006 in Ankara  Turkey  MIA Teknoloji h ..."
"MICROCARE FOR TECHNOLOGY Quantum & High Performance Computing, Internet of Things (IOT), HealthTech, Coding and Development, Cloud Services, Analyst, Analytics, Applications including Development, Deployment & Design, Big Data & Analytics, Cloud Management & Optimisation microcare is a custom services firm based in Amman  Al Karak  Riyadh  Jeddah & Hyderabad - India  which has extensive experience in many diverse areas of both software and marketing. our strong business focus and technology expert ..."
MICROSOFT MAROC SARL  Across the world  AI has become a business imperative for companies to stay competitive. Microsoft’s goal is to democratise our breakthroughs in AI to help people and organisations in Africa be more productive and go on to solve ...
"MIFA MUSIQUE 5G & Telecommunications, Cabling, Communication Equipment, Fixed Line Telecommunications, Marine Communication Equipment & Services, Military Communication Equipment & Services, Mobile Telecommunications & 5G, Telecommunication Integration & Equipment Services, Video, Wireless MIFA Musique aims to represent and distribute the YAMAHA Music brand throughout   as well as a wide range of leading brands in professional audio and sound systems. Building on its exclusive partnership with major internati ..."
MILLENIUM CONNECT  Millenium Connect is a cutting-edge SaaS solution designed for the modern hospitality industry  aiming to streamline operations and enhance guest experiences through technological innovation. Our platform integrates a comprehensiv ...
"MINDEO Retail Tech, Payments - POS Payments, Store Operations - Scanners/ Hand-Held Terminals, Supply Chain & Logistics - Delivery & Returns, inc. Final Mile Shenzhen MinDe electronics technology Ltd. (Mindeo) is located in Shenzhen High-tech Industrial Park and was initially founded in 2004. Mindeo is a prestigious high-tech company specializing in designing  developing and manufactu ..."
"MINDWARE Networking & Infrastructure, Cyber security, Big Data & Analytics, Cloud Solutions, Data Analytics, Cloud Security, Data Governance, Risk & Compliance, Software Development Security, Telecommunication & Network Security, Data Management Technology Mindware  a leading IT distributor in the MEA region  takes pride in offering top-quality global brands to over 5 000 partners with legal entities in 13 countries. With a rich history dating back to 1991 and headquartered in Dubai ..."
"MIPIH - SIB Software Services, HealthTech, Data Centres, Cyber security, Big Data & Analytics, Artificial Intelligence, Data Analytics, Data back-up, Data Infrastructure, Data Integration As a software publisher and 1st HDS-certified French hosting provider  Mipih is at the side of the health organizations : health establishments  medico-social activities  consulting services  with an innovative mindset. Our ambi ..."
MISSAAN FINTECH LLC  Dawul is the first platform has a licensed by the CMA in social trading  and it is Helps beginner investors who are looking for a professional method to start trading  By allowing them to simulate the most successful trading exper ...
"MITI SPHERE SOLUTIONS PVT LTD Digital Finance, Education Tech, Cyber security, Coding and Development, Artificial Intelligence, Computer Vision, Data Extraction, Facial / Iris Recognition, Natural Language Generation (NLG), Natural Language Processing (NLP) MITI Sphere Solutions has more than 8 years of experience in successfully enabling enterprises to become more productive and functional. MITI provides comprehensive solution for building applications  products  and solutions. At M ..."
"MITSUMI DISTRIBUTION FZCO Networking & Infrastructure, Data Centres, Cyber security, Cloud Services, Big Data & Analytics, Data Infrastructure, Applications including Development, Deployment & Design, Application integration and infrastructure, Data Warehousing, Enterprise Software Application Starting of with a single product and a team of 2 employees  the company has evolved into an international business group consisting of technology  real estate  hospitality  textile and infrastructure entities. MITSUMI was formed ..."
MLNETWORKS  Helps Telcos to design  operate  and optimize their networks more intelligently through an end-to-end data platform.
MOBIBLANC  Mobiblanc  an enterprise within the expansive Arrabet Holding network  specializes in transforming businesses through innovative digital applications. Our mission is to provide substantial business value by assisting organizations ...
"MOBIHEALTH HealthTech, Community Health Services, Healthcare IT, Other Business MobiHealth International is a leading healthcare technology company dedicated to revolutionizing healthcare access globally. Our comprehensive platform offers telemedicine services  remote patient monitoring  and personalized well ..."
MOBILE AND ELECTRONIC EXPORTS PROMOTION COUNCIL (MEDEPC)  The Mobile and Electronic Devices Export Promotion Council was established in 2021  as an approved Export Promotion Council under the administrative umbrella of the Ministry of Commerce & Industry and the Ministry of Electronic an ...
MODCOD / NEARSECURE  Cyber security services Cyber security solutions PASSI Integration
MOHE BIOTECH (SUISSE) S.A.  MOHE BioTech via Lab-on-a-Chip technologies  data intelligence and innovative product design is unceasingly developing healthcare solutions.
MONECO  Moneco is a neobank for the African diaspora in Europe (22m people) and their relatives or anyone in francophone Africa (400m people  75% still unbanked). Only with a passeport  our users can open an EUR FR account  get a VISA car ...
MOROCCAN INFORMATION TECHNOPARK COMPANY  Technopark    the country’s first technology business incubator  was inaugurated in Casablanca in 2001. It was established with the aim of fostering innovation and economic dynamism by providing a platform for local and in ...
"MOROCCO E-GOV Smart Cities, Government Authorities & Municipalities, Smart Services Pavillon de l'e-Gouvernement  ain"
"MOROCCO WORLD NEWS Creative Economy, Media, Marketing & Advertising Tech, Gaming, Advertising, Design, Fashion, Photography, Publishing, Marketing / Advertising, Content Marketing   World News (MWN) is  ’s top Anglophone news outlet. Our audience consists of  s (30-40%) and  -focused people in Europe and North America. Our popular social media platforms have 1 million followers an ..."
MOSCOW EXPORT CENTRE  Profex is a trusted and go to partner to expand and promote its event business in Eurasia. The company supports major event organizers to retain and grow participation of major and fastly growing businesses from CIS representing v ...
"MTDS ONLINE SERVICES Cloud Services, Cloud Management & Optimisation, Cloud Management Platform, Cloud Service Provider - CSP, Consultancy, Cybersecurity, Data as a Service - DAAS, Hosting, Infrastructure as a Service - IaaS, Internet Service Provider - ISP MTDS is a technology solutions provider to individuals  businesses and institutions in   and the developing world In the 90’s when Internet began transforming communications and economies worldwide  MTDS was at the forefr ..."
"MULTYCOMM Cloud Services, 5G & Telecommunications, Converged / Unified Communications, Communication Equipment, IP Communications & Applications, Service Providers, Telecommunication Integration & Equipment Services, Cloud Management Platform, Networks, Open Source MultyComm leads the way in telecommunications  committed to transforming how businesses connect and collaborate. We specialize in tailored solutions for global enterprises. From top-tier cloud telephony to unified communications  ..."
"MUNISYS Cyber security, 3D Printing & Printing Services, Manufacturing preparation / pre-processing - Material handling, storage & logistics, Quality Management / Metrology - 3D metrology or measurement, Cloud Security, Data Governance, Risk & Compliance, Endpoint Protection & Mobile Security, Internet of Things (IoT) Security, Network & Infrastructure Security, Operations Security We are an IT infrastructure solutions integrator  and by always keeping pace with the fast evolving progress in the digital realm  we offer integration  support and managed services capabilities across all major digital infrastruc ..."
MUSANED FOR INFORMARTION TECHNOLOGY  Soon to update
"MUSKA Creative Economy, Music, Performing Arts, Video Muska is a dynamic company focused on revolutionizing the music industry through a digital platform that serves both as a marketplace and a social media network. Its mission is to foster direct interactions between artists and the ..."
"MY ACCOUNTS ONLINE SOFTWARE PVT. LTD. Software Services, Retail Tech, HealthTech, Coding and Development, Artificial Intelligence, Artificial Intelligence, Cloud Computing, Enterprise Applications, Web Development, Healthcare IT RetailCliq.com revolutionizes retail management with cutting-edge AI technology  RF ID  and barcode billing systems. e-sign  Business Intelligence  Seamlessly integrated with online and physical stores  it offers a comprehensive o ..."
N+ONE DATACENTERS  N+ONE DATACENTERS  is a recognized leader in the colocation and online services industry  with an impressive track record of providing top-notch support to businesses across various industries seeking to outsource their critical i ...
"NABADY HealthTech, Healthcare IT, Other Business Bien plus qu’un outil de prise de RDV  Nabady optimise et renforce la communication avec vos patients  en assurant une meilleure continuité des soins."
"NAJDA HealthTech, Dealers and Distributors Healthcare, Healthcare IT, Medical Practice, Medical Travel, Other Business Accessing doctor home visits is typically challenging due to slow response times  lack of availability  complex access  and unclear pricing. We are addressing this by offering doctor home visits within minutes anytime  anywhere. T ..."
NEO TECH IT  Neo Tech iT is a prominent software development company specializing in custom web and mobile app solutions for B2B clients. Our adept professionals excel in software architecture  testing automation  and QA  ensuring functional  ...
"NEOLEAN Education Tech, Performance management, Mobile learning solutions, Management and business skills, Learning strategy, Educational Support & Other Service, Coaching and mentoring, Certification & Licensing, Blended learning, Assessment and testing With our products  we are democratising access to quality training leading to qualifications and diplomas. Neolean Academy is the 1st 100% online African school offering international degree courses from Bachelor to Master. Certy ..."
NEOLLI  Neolli: The B2B Marketplace for Authentic Handmade Goods  Bridging Artisans and Global Professionals By harnessing digital  logistical and operational expertise  Neolli emboldens artisans to engage customers and deliver industry- ...
NEOSOFT  Our depth of resources includes over 4000 engineering professionals with capabilities spanning IT Consulting  Strategy Planning & Execution  Business Process Re-engineering  IT Modernization  and Business Analysis Consulting  our ...
"NERON INFORMATICS Smart Cities, Networking & Infrastructure, Internet of Things (IOT), Ecommerce, Consumer Tech, Smart Home & Smart Workplace, Automation & IoT, Communication Equipment, Telecommunication, Video Systems & Equipment, Telecoms & Mobility Neron Informatics stands at the forefront as a leading manufacturer and unified communication solution provider dedicated to the digital workplace. Established in 2017  Neron Informatics is a proud DIPP Certified organization unde ..."
NEROTECH  NEROTECH's latest innovation  AppEngin  offers a transformative experience by merging live coding with AI  empowering developers to realize daring dreams. This cutting-edge platform streamlines the creation process  maximizing ef ...
"NETCAMPUS (PTY) LTD Big Data & Analytics, Visual Analytics, Virtualization, Unstructured Data, Structured Query Language - SQL, Robotic Process Automation - RPA, Real-Time Analytics, Python, NoSQL, Natural Language Processing - NLP Netcampus is a leading Information Communications Technology Learning Company  offering a comprehensive range of technology-based training solutions. We pride ourselves on a 360?-degree approach with specialists in Corporate  Cons ..."
"NETOPIA Software Services, HealthTech, Cloud Services, Coding and Development, Big Data & Analytics, IoT, Cybersecurity, Backend Development, Community Health Services, Government Depuis 20 ans  Netopia mène la transformation E-Gov au   et dans l’Afrique  se spécialisant dans la digitalisation et la dématérialisation des services essentiels pour rapprocher l'administration des citoyens. Nos soluti ..."
"NEURAL LABS AFRICA Software Services, HealthTech, Cloud Services, Big Data & Analytics, Artificial Intelligence, Computer Vision, Deep Learning Platforms, Machine Learning, Natural Language Processing (NLP), Applications Neural Labs Africa aims to address the challenge of inadequate healthcare resources and the burden of diseases in Africa through the use of artificial intelligence in medical imaging diagnosis. We have developed NeuralSight™  a ..."
"NEWREST FACILITY MANAGEMENT SERVICES Software Services, Networking & Infrastructure, Energy Tech, Carbon Management & Storage - CSS, Energy Storage Services, Energy Storage Technologies, Government Regulators & Utlities, Waste to Energy, Data Management Technology, Enterprise Software Application Newrest Facility Management Service is a leading provider of innovative solutions to offers comprehensive operational and strategic management support for companies. Our innovative approach combines flexible space design  smart t ..."
"NEXT TECHNOLOGY Digital Finance, Blockchain, Artificial Intelligence, Artificial Intelligence, Big Data / Digitisation / Analytics, Core Banking Solutions, Digital Lending, Digital Payment, E-Commerce Solutions, E-KYC We've engineered a robust and flexible Digital Banking Platform  surrounded by a versatile ecosystem of complementary fintech and payment solutions. This comprehensive ecosystem operates cohesively as an integrated platform  whil ..."
NEXTCLOUD GMBH  Nextcloud is the industry-leading  fully open-source  on-premises team productivity platform and collaboration solution. It combines the easy user interface of consumer grade cloud solutions with the security and compliance measur ...
"NGBS Future Mobility & Transportation, Cloud Services, Big Data & Analytics, Artificial Intelligence, 5G & Telecommunications, Fixed Line Telecommunications, IP Communications & Applications, Mobile Telecommunications & 5G, Autonomous Mobile Robots (AMRs), Autonomous Vehicles / Systems NGBS is a company specialized in engineering and digital services. Our mission is to support our customers' growth and work with them to build high-quality business and technological solutions. Our expertise enables us to offer se ..."
"NHA ELECTRONICS Data Centres, Cyber security, Consumer Tech, Smart Home & Smart Workplace, Cloud Services, Analytics, Cloud Management Platform, Cloud Service Provider - CSP, Cybersecurity, Platform as a Service - PaaS, Home Entertainment Solutions / Integration Systems NHA electronics provides multi-platform VSaaS and Video Analytics solutions. For deployments with one or ten thousand cameras. For customers concerned about cybersecurity. New video surveillance experience. All your cameras in one ..."
"NHABEX Smart Cities, Software Services, Mobility & Transport, Smart Digitial IoT Technology, Application integration and infrastructure, Business Intelligence Solutions, Mobile Applications Intelligent Queue Management System  allows you to monitor and take a ticket anywhere and at any time. Real-time monitoring You can track the queues in real time. Print Digital Ticket You can get your tickets from your phone. N ..."
"NHAKRETXEU Ecommerce, Retail Tech, eCommerce Software, Platforms, Customer Experience & Retention - Loyalty Programmes I starting wich advertising and marketing but after 11 years I decided to leave from my comfort zone. I founded nhakretxeu.com  a local platform for paying bills  sell gifts and an e-grocery to...I'm here looking for the next leve ..."
"NIJACHAT Software Services, Mobile Applications i-Cell Multimedia Limited is one of the fastest-growing and leading mobile network VAS aggregator in Nigeria. We are service providers and consultants to multinational companies  world organizations  and governmental institutions ..."
"NINGBO LJDTEK CO.,LTD  LJDTek is a market leadingManufacturer of fibre optic networking data centre andSo on.LJDTek offers a qualityService for businesses of allShapes and sizes who wouldLike a competitively pricedSolution for their networkingWe strive ..."
"NIPA & KAF HealthTech, Government The National IT Industry Promotion Agency(NIPA) devotes itself to reinforcing the competitiveness of the ICT industry and contributes to the economic growth through the efficient support and laying the groundwork for the industria ..."
"NJOY Smart Cities, HealthTech, Gaming, Data Centres, Consumer Tech, Smart Home & Smart Workplace, Computer and Mobile Hardware, Storage & Peripherals, Electronic Components (Connection Devices, Electron Tubes, Etc), Cabinets and Enclosures, Critical Power, Energy Efficiency nJoy is a business solution oriented company that manufactures high-quality Uninterruptible Power Supply (UPS) systems. Since our establishment in 2010  we have been committed to providing our business partners with reliable and e ..."
"NOOVO Smart Cities, Media, Marketing & Advertising Tech, Education Tech, Consumer Tech, Smart Home & Smart Workplace, 5G & Telecommunications, Home Entertainment Solutions / Integration Systems, Service Providers, Satellite & Distribution, Mobile Telecommunications & 5G, Video Systems & Equipment Noovo is revolutionizing access to education and entertainment with satellite OTT technology. We provide free streaming services  bridging the digital divide by delivering content anywhere  regardless of internet availability. Our ..."
"NOSTRESS.IO Retail Tech, Data & Analytics - Big Data Analytics & Insights Unlock your retail ambitions  by connecting the intelligence of data  people and business  with simplicity. In a digitalized world that has become complex and ambiguous  the game is constantly changing  challenging the retail in ..."
"NOTHING TECHNOLOGY Creative Economy, Retail Tech, Mobile Accessories & Peripherals, Consumer Tech, Smart Home & Smart Workplace, 5G & Telecommunications, Mobile Telecommunications & 5G, Telecommunication Integration & Equipment Services, Video, Wireless, Audio Systems & Equipment We’re a London-based tech company on a mission to remove barriers between people and technology. To do this  we’re crafting intuitive  flawlessly connected products that improve our lives without getting in the way. No confusi ..."
"NOVAXYS Digital Finance, Software Services, Retail Tech, Education Tech, Banking Solutions, Card Service Card, Digital Payment, E-Payment Solutions, Certification & Licensing, Coaching and mentoring NOVAXYS  a Consulting Firm specializing in Digital Transformation  Organization  and Information Systems  was founded by multidisciplinary engineers with ambitions matching today's revolution. Listening  proximity  commitment  a ..."
NOWEDGE  NowEdge is dedicated to transforming employee experiences through innovative gamified learning and onboarding solutions. Our mission is to empower HR professionals to better serve talents by boosting engagement  streamlining proce ...
NRCI  NRCI    a subsidiary of the French company NRCI  is an engineering company which initially develops renewable energy and sustainable mobility projects. In order to maximize our impact and create new markets  we develop and ope ...
NSAYBLIK  Instant Access to Local Talents (On-demand Talent).
"NTAKYE HOLDINGS LTD Energy Tech, AgriTech & FoodTech, Agricultural Machinery And Equipment, Renewable Energy, Solar Energy Ntakye commenced operations with the aim of utilizing technology to enhance urban planning and organization in Kampala  including a focus on urban farming. Over time  the company evolved and adjusted to changing circumstances  red ..."
"NTECHLAB Retail Tech, Internet of Things (IOT), HealthTech, Big Data & Analytics, Computer Vision, Facial / Iris Recognition, Machine Learning, Artificial Intelligence, Dashboard, Data Analytics NtechLab is a leading global provider of AI-based products and solutions. The company’s algorithms have been recognized as the best in the world by NIST (National Institute of Standards and Technology). NtechLab has implemented ..."
NTT DATA MOROCCO  NTT Group operates in a wide range of domestic and overseas markets by utilizing the customer base and expertise in communication networks and ICT that we have cultivated over our history. We work towards creating new innovative s ...
"NUCLEON SECURITY Cyber security, Artificial Intelligence, Data Extraction, Deep Learning Platforms, Machine Learning, Planning and Optimization, Digital Forensics & Incident Response, Endpoint Protection & Mobile Security, Intrusion Detection & Penetration Testing, Network & Infrastructure Security Nucleon Security is a global leader in the field of information security  providing a comprehensive range of cybersecurity solutions for businesses worldwide. Since its inception  Nucleon Security has been committed to protecting ..."
"NUCLEON SECURITY Cyber security, Anti-spam, Anti-Malware & Anti-Virus & Email Security, Endpoint Protection & Mobile Security, Ransomware, Software Development Security Nucleon Security is a global leader in the field of information security  providing a comprehensive range of cybersecurity solutions for businesses worldwide. Since its inception  Nucleon Security has been committed to protecting ..."
"NUCOODE Education Tech, Artificial Intelligence, Content Creation, Animation & Simulation, Assessment and testing, Blended learning, Certification & Licensing, Coaching and mentoring, Collaborative learning and technology, Complete School Setup Solution As a specialized school of technology based in Praia  Cabo Verde  Nucoode is dedicated to bridging the gap between traditional learning and the rapidly evolving demands of the technology-driven world. With a forward-thinking appro ..."
"NUELINK Retail Tech, Media, Marketing & Advertising Tech, Ecommerce, eCommerce Software, Artificial Intelligence, Audio, Pod Casts & Video Marketing, Branding & Design, Content Creation, Content Marketing, Creativity & Design Social media scheduling with automation super powers (and ai)! Nuelink helps you organize  automate  analyze and manage your social media from one place and saves you time to focus on your business while your social media runs it ..."
"NUMEN Digital Finance, Banking Solutions Numenmatic founded in 2017 with 10+ years experience and well educated technical  operational and management team.We focus on manufacturing and marketing high quality financial equipment  CIS banknote counter banknote sorter ban ..."
"NUMERIC WAY Digital Finance, Retail Tech, Ecommerce, Coding and Development, Artificial Intelligence, Chatbots / Virtual Assistant, Computer Vision, Data Extraction, Machine Learning, Natural Language Processing (NLP) NUMERIC WAY is a global partner in digital transformation and technological consulting since 2011  with expertise in e-Commerce  Artificial Intelligence  Digitalization and Mobility. Specializing in cutting-edge technologies and ..."
NUOX TECHNOLOGIES  As a leading software development company   we specialize in creating cutting-edge solutions that address intricate challenges. From the very beginning  our goal has been to empower businesses with essential digital tools  includi ...
"NUTANIX Cloud Services, Networking & Infrastructure, Business Continuity, Back-up & Disaster Recovery, Cloud Management & Optimisation, Cloud Management Platform, Cost Management & Optimisation, Hybrid, Infrastructure as a Service - IaaS, Migration, Private Cloud Nutanix is a global leader in cloud software  offering organizations a single platform for running apps and data across clouds. With Nutanix  companies can reduce complexity and simplify operations  freeing them to focus on their ..."
OBENS TRACE SOLUTIONS  Our venture is serving global supply chains of natural ingredients used in cosmetics  pharmaceuticals  and food/beverage onboarding the BtoB buyers and their chain of suppliers up to the ingredient's source. Our collaborative pla ...
"OBJECTVERSE Creative Economy, Metaverse, Immersive Tech, Media, Marketing & Advertising Tech, Education Tech, Coding and Development, Metaverse, Web Development, Advertising, Design, Immersive technologies - Virtual, Augmented, Mixed Realities - VR, AR, MR Objectverse is a creative technology studio that enables companies to create tailored and unique interactive 3D web experiences without hefty costs  lengthy timelines and complex processes. Our technology and process automation r ..."
ODO C2M No categories available Software Développent: DEVELOPMENT OF IT SOLUTION Website Development & Mobile App Conception UI/UX Physical/Digital Archive RFID Tracking Solutions
"ODS Cloud Services, Big Data & Analytics, Artificial Intelligence, AgriTech & FoodTech, 3D Printing & Printing Services, Cloud Solutions, Deep Learning Platforms, Applications, Cloud Solutions, Data Management, Applications including Development, Deployment & Design, Industrial 3D Printing At ODS  we recognize the essential role of digital transformation in maintaining competitiveness. Offering digital expertise and B2B SaaS platforms  we facilitate the exchange of certified information. Our mission is to enhance client performance  fostering intelligent organizations. Committed since 2019  we actively shape the digital future of clients and partners  particularly in Africa. Through innovative solutions  we streamline administrative processes and secure electronic transactions  providing invaluable support to organizations. With a focus on excellence  we empower businesses to navigate the complexities of digitalization  ensuring they remain ahead in today's rapidly evolving market landscape."
"OFFSPACE.co PropTech, Internet of Things (IOT), Ecommerce, Cloud Services, Platform as a Service - PaaS, Software as a Service - SaaS, eLogistics, Platform Solutions, Marketplaces OXYTOCIN  initially a marketing and advertising agency  has successfully transitioned into a full-scale digital company focused on offering innovative workspace solutions. Founded in 2010 and headquartered in Casablanca     OXYTOCIN operates under the leadership of CEO Othmane Zaim Wadghiri. OXYTOCIN drives the development of OFFSPACE.co  a platform revolutionizing how professionals and businesses lease office  industrial  and event spaces. OFFSPACE.co  the flagship product  exemplifies OXYTOCIN's commitment to flexibility and digital convenience  offering users the ability to rent spaces on an hourly  daily  or monthly basis. While currently in the prototype phase  OFFSPACE.co is designed to cater to the dynamic needs of freelancers  startups  and large enterprises alike. The platform aims to expand globally  aligning with OXYTOCIN's vision of making workspace access as agile and user-friendly as possible."
"Ohmylead Creative Economy, Incubator/Accelerator/Investment, PropTech, Media, Marketing & Advertising Tech, Cloud Services, Software as a Service - SaaS, Advertising, Research and Development, Software, AdTech, Automation, Customer Relationship & Experience Management - CRM & CEM, Data Analytics, Digital Marketing, Marketing Automation, MarTech Training, Performance Marketing, Tracking & Targeting (CDP, CPP), Digital Marketing Ohmylead is a powerful lead management platform that automates lead qualification  ensuring only high-quality leads. It centralizes leads into one interface  verifying emails and phone numbers  enriching data  and providing real-time notifications for prompt follow-ups. Integrating with over 400 tools  including CRMs and email systems  Ohmylead features lead scoring  filtering  and nurturing to help sales teams focus on the best prospects. Its ROI measurement tools analyze campaign performance in real-time  identifying the most effective channels  content  and targets to optimize strategies and ad investments. Ohmylead offers an intuitive desktop app and an app with features like calling  WhatsApp messaging  and notifications. It also provides a white-label option for agencies to rebrand and offer as a service. By using Ohmylead  businesses eliminate inefficiencies in lead management  ensuring no lead falls through the cracks and maximizing conversion rates."
OKEYO No categories available OKEYO is an innovative marketplace app  where shopping meets entertainment! Discover and buy products through short  engaging videos that bring items to life. Our platform allows sellers to easily create professional stores and showcase their products in a dynamic  visually appealing way. Experience an immersive shopping journey with real-time interactions  live demos  and detailed product views. For sellers  our app provides a seamless way to reach a wider audience  customize their storefronts  and boost sales through captivating video content. Buyers can explore unique boutiques  enjoy personalized recommendations  and connect directly with sellers to ask questions or request customizations. in OKEYO shopping is social  fun  and interactive. Diving into a world of quality products and passionate sellers dedicated to providing the best experience. Whether you're buying or selling  our marketplace app is designed to make your life easier and more enjoyable.
Olivery No categories available Olivery is an all-in-one SaaS platform designed to simplify and optimize end-to-end logistics operations. It effectively manages the needs of all stakeholders  including drivers  merchants  and warehouse officers  under one integrated system. Olivery stands out with its modular architecture and low/no-code platform  offering unparalleled flexibility and ease of customization for diverse logistics requirements
Omnidoc No categories available A company specializing in providing connected healthcare assistance via a mobile app that allows users to get an ambulance or a doctor at their home. The app also provides access to healthcare professionals to offer their services through the platform. This revolutionary application offers a wide range of healthcare services to users. They can request a simple ambulance or a medicalized ambulance with just one click  and they can also get a doctor from various specialties in a single click. Users can even have remote consultations through the app. We offer free services such as all-night drugstore information and medication reminders.
"OMNISHORE Groupe Medtech Digital Finance, Cloud Services, Coding and Development, Big Data & Analytics, Artificial Intelligence, Chatbots / Virtual Assistant, Deep Learning Platforms, Natural Language Processing (NLP), Apache Kafka, Apache Spark, Applications, Deep Learning, Devops, Open Source, Applications including Development, Deployment & Design, Open Source, Outsource Development, Artificial Intelligence, Backend Development, Blockchain, Cloud Computing, Cloud Kubernetes, Compilers, Data Sciences, Devops, Enterprise Applications, Frontend Development, Java, Machine Learning, Python, Web Development, Open Banking / API Omnishore accompagne ses clients dans leur transformation digitale à travers des projets de conseil en architecture  de développement  de mise en place de briques middleware d’automatisation et d’intégration des SI. Conception et développement de systèmes d'information et TMA Rearchitecture et refonte vers microservices Centre de services / Assistance technique et régie Conseil en architecture et urbanisation Intégration de solutions Middleware Mise en place d'une Digital factory (DevSecOps)"
OMNISYS INFORMATIQUE No categories available Omnisys Informatique specializes in offering comprehensive IT solutions including hardware sales  maintenance services  and network installations. They provide tailored support for computer equipment  ensuring operational efficiency and reliability. Their services cater to a variety of sectors  emphasizing adaptability and customer satisfaction. Additionally  Omnisys offers project management and IT consulting to help businesses optimize their technological infrastructure. For a deeper insight into their full range of products and services  you can visit their official website at www.omnisys.ma.
ONDA No categories available   Airports Authority is the manager of the airports infrastructure of   and the   air navigation services’ provider. Such as  ONDA’s missions are: Planning  operation  maintenance and development of air traffic airports. The air navigation facilities management and the implementation of means for air traffic control. Processing passengers  air cargo as well as all services dedicated to users satisfaction. Linking with international organizations and airports to meet the needs of air traffic. Operation of certain projects and services that may grant to other partner’s needs. High level education in civil aviation within the International Mohammed 5th Academy of Civil Aviation.
"ONEFOR HOLDING GMBH Digital Finance, Card Issuance and Management, Banking Solutions, Card Service Card, Core Banking Solutions, Digital Payment, E-KYC, E-Payment Solutions, E-Wallets, Open Banking / API, Payment Gateways, Digital Lending, Transactional Platforms OneFor  part of ND Group B.V.  established in Germany and operating in the EU  is a digital financial platform that's easy for everyone to use  anywhere. At our core  we are committed to delivering an financial experience free from complexities – a “no drama” financial journey  by making every financial action simpler  faster and convenient. Our vision is to transform the relationship with money to ONE that is deeply human  inclusive  connecting  and empowering."
"OneGate Big Data & Analytics, Artificial Intelligence, Chatbots / Virtual Assistant, Machine Learning, Natural Language Generation (NLG), Natural Language Processing (NLP), Neural Networks, Artificial Intelligence, Data Science, Data Visualisation OneGate seamlessly connects to company data sources. Users can access  analyze data  and produce reporting with simple prompts  reducing analysis time from hours to mere seconds. It aims to replace traditional methods and tools for producing enterprise materials by providing a streamlined  collaborative  and data-driven platform. OneGate will offer unparalleled efficiency  insight  and agility in enterprise material production  empowering decision-makers with optimized resources and data-driven intelligence."
"ONESOFTDIGM Co., Ltd HealthTech, Community Health Services, Government, Healthcare Investor, Healthcare IT ONESOFTDIGM (OSD) provides on-demand  individualized healthcare services to encourage healthy habits. One of the eight different life-log data that OSD accurately measures and evaluates using state-of-the-art  pocket-sized devices is body fat  muscle  basal metabolic rate  stress index  heart rate  and skin temperature. ""Bioelectric Impedance Analysis (BIA)"" technology is used by OSD to examine body composition. This business also provides customized healthcare information and data-based body shape analysis. OSD offers a tailored solution to B2B and has a business model that can eventually progress to B2C through B2B in order to exploit highly valuable personal information in each industry. Fitrus Plus is a portable smart health device that measures and analyzes biometric data. The measurable biometrics include body fat  body water  muscle mass  as well as heart rate  heart rate variability  oxygen saturation  stress  body temperature  and blood pressure."
"ONLYOFFICE Software Services, Cloud Services, Coding and Development, Open Source, Software as a Service - SaaS, Cloud Computing, Web Development, Mobile Applications ONLYOFFICE  an open-source office software project  focuses on advanced and secure office solutions. With over 10 million users worldwide  it is recognized for its innovation in the online office domain. The ONLYOFFICE ecosystem includes collaborative applications such as online editors for text documents  spreadsheets  presentations  forms  and PDFs  along with a room-based collaborative platform. As an international company  ONLYOFFICE has employees and contributors across the globe  with offices located in Singapore  Dallas  Riga  London  Belgrade  Yerevan  and Tashkent."
"OPEN STARTUP INTERNATIONAL CORP HealthTech, Medical Manufacturer MSCAN develops and deploys lowcost portable ultrasound probes that work on a laptop or tablet to detect risk factors of maternal mortality in resource limited settings. Our vision is to extend and enhance quality of human life by innovating with integrity for and with communities. Our mission is to be top innovators  designers and developers of low cost mobile ultrasound devices for all patients  especially pregnant mothers in resource scarce environments. Mobile Scan Solutions Uganda Limited(MSCAN) is rooted in innovation  social impact and integrity."
"OPENSCHOOL Software Services, Education Tech, Artificial Intelligence & IOT, Assessment and testing, Blended learning, Content development and design, EdTech & Smart Classroom Solution, Educational Support & Other Service, Specialist learning systems, Virtual classroom technology and services, Application integration and infrastructure, Business Intelligence Solutions OPENSCHOOL is an edtech startup founded by highly experienced teachers and young new technology engineers. our mission is to provide access to quality education for all and enable teachers to develop their income"
"OPENTECH Smart Cities, Retail Tech, Media, Marketing & Advertising Tech, Consumer Tech, Smart Home & Smart Workplace, Cloud Services, Cloud Management & Optimisation, Cloud Management Platform, Cloud Service Provider - CSP, Content Delivery & Management, IT Service Management - ITSM, Private Cloud, Professional Services, Software as a Service - SaaS, Telecommunication, Automation & IoT, Communication Equipment, Digital Imaging Equipment, Electronic Equipment & Instruments (Barcode Readers, POS Machines, Etc), Home Entertainment Solutions / Integration Systems, Office Automation & Equipment, Printing Solutions, Smart Security, Telecommunication, Video Systems & Equipment, Content Marketing, Equipment / Hardware, Event Management, Media Publishing, Personalization, Public Relations & Communications, Data & Analytics - Business Intelligence, Data & Analytics - Price Tracking, Conversion Tools & Analytics, Digital Signage - Digital Menu Boards, Digital Signage - Digital Signage Kiosks, Digital Signage - DOOH/Outdoor Signage, Digital Signage - In-store Advertising, Digital Signage - LED Signage, Digital Signage - Media Players, Digital Signage - Projectors, Digital Signage - Screen Manufacturer, Digital Signage - Video Walls, Digital Signage - Wayfinding Solutions, E-commerce & M-commerce - Content Management Systems, E-commerce & M-commerce - Digital Shopper Analytics & Engagement, E-commerce & M-commerce - Facial Recognition, Employee Management - HR Management, Merchandise Planning & Inventory Management - Smart Labels, Payments - Cash Management, Payments - POS Payments, Payments - Smart Cards & Readers, Store Operations - Automation, Store Operations - Labelling & Ticketing Software, Store Operations - Scanners/ Hand-Held Terminals, Building Technology & Innovation, Education Technology Solutions, Facilities Management, Mobility & Transport, PV Tracking Systems, Safety & Security Solutions, Smart Building & Infrastructure & Materials, Smart Digitial IoT Technology, Smart Hardware Technology - Robotics, Smart Services OPENTECH  the official distributor of renowned brands like ZKTeco  ZKDIGIMAX  and ARMATURA  excels in electronic security and digital solutions. Explore our Smart Identity & Entrance Control  Smart Office & Commercial Security  and Digital Cloud Advertising & Content Management offerings for a brighter future. With a commitment to innovation and client satisfaction  OPENTECH delivers tailored solutions to meet your needs. Whether safeguarding entrances  securing commercial spaces  or managing digital advertising  our advanced technologies ensure optimal protection and operational efficiency. Trust OPENTECH for comprehensive innovative solutions designed to elevate your business's posture while maximizing productivity and effectiveness."
"OPENTEXT Cloud Services, Big Data & Analytics, 3D Printing & Printing Services, Digitization / services / tool and die making - Data and IT security, protection of intellectual property, Digitization / services / tool and die making - Engineering, Analytics as a service, Artificial Intelligence, Cloud Solutions, Data Analytics, Data Architecture, Data back-up, Data Infrastructure, Data Lake, Analyst, Applications including Development, Deployment & Design, Cloud Management Platform, DevOps OpenText Corporation is a Canadian company that develops and sells enterprise information management software. OpenText  headquartered in Waterloo  Ontario  Canada  is Canada's fourth-largest software company as of 2022  and recognized as one of Canada's top 100 employers 2016 by Mediacorp Canada Inc."
"OPSWAT Ecommerce, Blockchain, 3D Printing & Printing Services, Digitization / services / tool and die making - Data and IT security, protection of intellectual property, Cloud / IoT / Smart Cities, Infrastructure and  Development, Security / Cybersecurity, Training / Recruitment, Security / Cybersecurity, Industrial 3D Printing For the last 20 years OPSWAT  a global leader in IT  OT  and ICS critical infrastructure cybersecurity  has continuously evolved an end-to-end solutions platform that gives public and private sector organizations and enterprises the critical advantage needed to protect their complex networks and ensure compliance. Empowered by a “Trust no file. Trust no device. ™” philosophy  OPSWAT solves customers’ challenges around the world with zero-trust solutions and patented technologies across every level of their infrastructure  securing their networks  data  and devices  and preventing known and unknown threats  zero-day attacks  and malware. Discover how OPSWAT protects the world’s critical infrastructure and helps secure our way of life; visit www.opswat.com."
"ORA Technologies Digital Finance, Ecommerce, E-Wallets, Web App, Design and Development ORA TECHNOLOGIES  founded by Omar Alami in 2023  is a social E-commerce and fintech   startup committed to revolutionizing buying  selling  payment solutions  and money transfers  with a special focus on ensuring accessibility and inclusion for all  s all around the world. Our main goal is to simplify and streamline these essential processes  empowering individuals with seamless experiences. our super app ORA   is all-in-one platform seamlessly integrates e-commerce  social media  and payment & transfer solutions  offering users a comprehensive and user-friendly experience. With ORA    users gain access to various verticals  allowing them to effortlessly navigate and utilize a wide range of services in just one app ! Furthermore  introducing ORA Cash  our innovative e-wallet solution designed to enhance your financial transactions. ORA Cash enables easy and seamless money transfers  vendor payments through QR codes  and cash-in/cash-out services."
"Oracle Big Data & Analytics, Artificial Intelligence, AgriTech & FoodTech, 5G & Telecommunications, 3D Printing & Printing Services, Design & Product Development - PLM, CAD, CAM, CLE software, Solutions for additive manufacturing - Data preparation software and control software, Solutions for additive manufacturing - Material Extrusion, Solutions for additive manufacturing - Powder bed fusion, Data Centres, Marine Communication Equipment & Services, Mobile Telecommunications & 5G, AI & Nutrition, AI-optimized Hardware, Autonomous Mobile Robots (AMRs), Chatbots / Virtual Assistant, Cognitive computing, Content Creation, Analytics as a service, Apache Kafka, Apache Spark, Applications, Artificial Intelligence, Business Intelligence, Cloud Solutions, Dashboard, Data Analytics, Data Architecture, Data back-up, Data Governance, Compliance & Security, Data Infrastructure, Data Integration, Data Lake, Data Management, Data Mining, Data Privacy / Protection, Data Science, Data Visualisation, Data Warehouse, DataOps, Deep Learning, Devops, Digital Transformation, Extract, transform, load - ETL, Geo Data, Geo-Spatial Data, Hadoop, IoT, Machine Learning, Mobile Technology, Natural Language Processing - NLP, NoSQL, Open Source, Operational Intelligence, Python, R Programming, Real-Time Analytics, Robotic Process Automation - RPA, Social Media Data, Streaming Analytics, Structured Data, Structured Query Language - SQL, Text Analytics, Unstructured Data, Virtualization, Visual Analytics Oracle is a cloud technology company that provides organizations globally with computing infrastructure and software to help them innovate  unlock efficiencies and become more effective. We also created the world’s first – and only – autonomous database to help organize and secure our customers’ data. Oracle Cloud Infrastructure offers higher performance  security  and cost savings. It is designed so businesses can move workloads easily from on-premises systems to the cloud and between cloud and on-premises and other clouds. Oracle Cloud applications provide business leaders with modern applications that help them innovate  attain sustainable growth  and become more resilient. Oracle is not only transforming the world of business--it's helping defend governments and advance scientific and medical research. From non-profits to companies of all sizes  millions of people use our tools to streamline supply chains  make HR more human  quickly pivot to a new financial plan and connect data."
"ORANGE No categories available Orange   is a telecommunications company offering mobile  fixed  cybersecurity  and mobile money services. The operator provide high-speed fixed and mobile networks  including 4G and FTTH  to meet evolving needs and customer expectations. Established in 1999 through an alliance between telecom leaders and   financial groups  Orange   serves 17.4 million customers and has 420 sales points nationwide. With nearly 1300 employees  the company been recognized as ""Customer Service of the Year  "" for 7 consecutive years. The Orange   Foundation focuses on digital solidarity for social responsibility  aiming to integrate disadvantaged youth and women through digital education. Operating in 16 countries  the foundation collaborates with local associations and NGOs. In February 2023  the Group launched its strategic plan ""Lead the Future "" focusing on responsibility and efficiency in a new business model."
Orbsoft LLC No categories available We believe that the success of digital products hinges on the people behind it – their skills  experience  and speed. But what truly matters is having a cohesive team that skips wasteful processes and engaged dives right into creating remarkable products with love. In other words  we consider that the success of the project depends to a large extent on the development team  who will become a great partner to the product and will responsibly and effectively drive it to success.
"Organic Route 'U' Limited AgriTech & FoodTech, Climate-Smart Agriculture, Food Losses & Waste, Renewable Energy Organic Route is a technology-driven food processor that uses solar dryers to extend product shelf life  eliminate market inefficiencies  and improve smallholder farmers' lives. It localizes the fruit or food supply value chain for cost-effective and health-conscious consumption by people at the bottom of the pyramid. The company's vision is to be the largest food distributor in Africa  contribute to world feeding  and provide smallholder farmers with market access and organic inputs. The mission is to modernize the supply chain  meet demand  preserve food sustainably  and ensure the health and welfare of everyone who uses their product."
"OSOL Smart Cities, Networking & Infrastructure, Energy Tech, Consumer Tech, Smart Home & Smart Workplace, Blockchain, Cloud / IoT / Smart Cities, Infrastructure and  Development, Automation & IoT, Power Banks, Energy Storage Services, Energy Storage Systems, Energy Storage Technologies, Smart Grids, Enterprise Software Application, Monitoring & Management Tools, Storage Facilities, Building Technology & Innovation, Smart Digitial IoT Technology, Smart Services Osol has developed the first smart battery stations that eliminate the need for cables  plugs  and extensions in workspaces and office buildings. Their solutions helps large companies  universities  schools  and coworkings in increasing flexibility and modularity of their spaces  while reducing costs and optimizing user experience on sites. An innovative technology has enabled the possibility to build a modular power network of distributed storage  leading the path to new possibilities for the smart cities of tomorrow."
"PanelSemi Creative Economy, Retail Tech, Media, Marketing & Advertising Tech, Education Tech, Consumer Tech, Smart Home & Smart Workplace, Digital Imaging Equipment, Advertising, Virtual classroom technology and services, Equipment / Hardware, Digital Signage - DOOH/Outdoor Signage, Digital Signage - In-store Advertising, Digital Signage - LED Signage, Digital Signage - Screen Manufacturer, Digital Signage - Totems, Digital Signage - Video Walls PanelSemi Corp is the world-First provider of Active-Matrix mini-LED flexible display. Our technology uses AM mini-LED that allows people to visualize high resolution displays without harming their eyes. Our display helps to save energy and offers a sustainable alternative to traditional displays. Our solution is 1mm thick and ultra-light weight  which makes it easier to adjust and to be moved around by people. We are using TFT ecosystem for our manufacturing process  and executed exclusively in Taiwan."
PANTOFIT No categories available Pantofit is a   startup operating in the sports industry. Fitness enthusiasts can opt for our subscriptions  available for 3 months  6 months  or 1 year  granting unlimited access to all partner gyms across   throughout the subscription period. Once subscribed to Pantofit  users gain access to a mobile application to track their session history  receive guidance from a digital coach during workouts  and a badge for gym access.
"Pantum Consumer Tech, Smart Home & Smart Workplace, Electronic Equipment & Instruments (Barcode Readers, POS Machines, Etc), Home Appliances, Home Entertainment Solutions / Integration Systems, Office Automation & Equipment, Printing Solutions Pantum 's business scope covers R&D  design  production and sales of printers and consumables  together with printing output solutions. Since the launch of the first Pantum printer in the Great Hall of the People in 2010  it has fully established a full industrial chain layout integrating ""key components-printers-printing management services""  with products line covering from A4 to A3   monochrome to color  single function to multi-function  hardware to solutions printing  and the sales network covers more than 80 countries and regions around the world."
Paps No categories available Une société de logistique axée sur la technologie qui fournit des solutions intégrées allant du pick up aux livraisons dernier kilomètre en passant par le stockage  le fret et les formalités douanières pour les entreprises et les commerçants en Afrique de l'Ouest.
Parc des Technologies Numériques du Sénégal No categories available PTN favorise l'essor de l'innovation et crée de milliers d'emploi. Il conforte le développement de notre secteur privé local et attire les entreprises internationales et régionales dans le secteur des TIC adressant des solutions innovantes dans les secteurs prioritaires. Le Parc a une superficie de 25 ha  la première phase en cours de finalisation est sur la moitié  les 12 5 ha. Les composantes de la première phase: -Trois tours de bureaux prêts à l'emploi destinées aux entreprises TIC; -Un Datacenter -Un Centre BPO (Business Process Outsourcing) -Un Centre d'innovation -Un Centre de formation -Un Centre d'études et de recherche -Un Centre de production audiovisuelle et de contenus digitaux -Un Centre d'affaires -Un Centre de gestion du Parc -Un Appart'hôtel -Des espaces de restauration et de détente
PAY TEN PAYMENT SERVICES PROVIDER L.L.C No categories available About Pay10: Pay10 is a leading provider of fintech and e-payment solu:ons  dedicated to enabling an inclusive e-payment ecosystem locally and globally. With a comprehensive suite of services including payment gateways  links  payouts  and mul:-faceted online payments  Pay10 enables strategic guidance and empowers merchants  banks and financial ins:tu:ons to achieve their digital transforma:on and enhance opera:onal efficiency. Focused on domes:c payment schemes and local payment method  Pay10 has rapidly expanded its presence and is now headquartered in Dubai  with a global reach extending across MENA and South Asia regions  and much more to come. For more informa:on  visit www.pay10.com.
"PayLik Digital Finance, Education Tech, Asset Management / Personal Finance / Wealth Management, E-Payment Solutions, E-Wallets, Payments / Wallets / Exchange Gateways, Coaching and mentoring, Educational Loan & Financial Services, Educational Support & Other Service, HR systems and services, Talent and human capital management, Video for learning PayLik is a financial wellness platform designed to simplify and streamline the process of salary advance management. The platform provides employees with the ability to request and receive their earned wages instantly. By providing quick access to earned income  PayLik offers a solution to employees who may need funds for unexpected expenses or to avoid costly loans. This solution not only reduces the complexity and risks associated with cash payments but also promotes financial inclusion among unbanked employees. In addition to employee benefits  PayLik offers tangible advantages to employers. By managing salary advances  Paylik reduce the administrative load on HR departments. Offering financial wellness benefits like instant access to earned wages can aid in employee retention."
"PayMint Digital Finance, Software Services, Payments / Wallets / Exchange Gateways, Digital Lending, Digital Payment, E-Wallets, Finance & Accounting Software, Lending / P2P Lending, E-Payment Solutions, Banking Solutions, Card Issuance and Management PayMint is an Egyptian FinTech startup providing digital payment solutions. PayMint's platform enables businesses to manage payroll  expenses  and corporate funding efficiently  while employees benefit from cashless salaries  salary advances  and easy bill payments. With a focus on small and medium-sized enterprises  PayMint promotes financial inclusion and simplifies financial operations for businesses and employees."
PayTic No categories available PayTic Connect helps banks  credit unions  and fintech companies optimize the management of their payment card programs including scheme invoice analysis and cost savings  data reconciliation  chargebacks  fraud  compliance and more. We have introduced the first end-to-end SaaS platform that centralizes payment data from all key players and automates processes to remove blind spots and reduce manual effort. When equipped with PayTic Connect  our clients can manage their payment card programs with more confidence and focus on growing their business instead of the daily procedural inefficiencies.
PCARD No categories available PCARD Group stands as a leading software vendor and integrator specializing in banking and private electronic banking solutions. We cover acceptance  acquiring  issuance  and offer support. Pioneering integrated payment solutions in   and Africa  we excel in multi-channel and digital payments. Our services range from consultation to solution maintenance. We ensure seamless credit card transactions  enhancing multi-channel experiences and promoting consumer loyalty. With expertise in payment services  we streamline collection processes for clients  offering reliable solutions tested for market standards. Our R&D center drives innovation in electronic payments  empowering us to develop forward-thinking solutions.
PCS AGRI No categories available Our startup  PCS AGRI  is committed to democratizing the use of artificial intelligence in agriculture. Specializing in AI-driven solutions  we empower growers to enhance efficiency  reduce food waste  and increase the availability of agricultural products in the market. Our mission is to advance precision agriculture through artificial intelligence  addressing critical challenges as natural resources diminish and the global population expands.
Peelo No categories available Peelo tackles language barriers in African markets by offering AI-driven chatbots on platforms like WhatsApp. These chatbots integrate local languages like Wolof through audio  enhancing communication  simplifying processes  and boosting sales. Peelo's solutions span multiple platforms  enabling seamless engagement. By democratizing technology  Peelo creates an inclusive digital environment benefiting users across diverse African markets.
Petalens No categories available Petalens offers an innovative SaaS platform dedicated to media intelligence. The solution facilitates informed decision-making by delivering crucial insights  metrics  and competitive analyses. Featuring an interactive dashboard and automated analysis capabilities  users can effortlessly monitor brands  campaigns  and competition’s performance across media channels. Powered by AI  Petalens provides real-time data and personalized recommendations  tailored to the unique needs of the user. The platform finds applications in various areas such as brand management  crisis management  competitive analysis  market research  and campaign analysis.
PharmaTrace No categories available PharmaTrace tackles the pharmaceutical industry's challenges of stringent traceability regulations  outdated tracking systems  and data security issues. Our advanced blockchain-based solution streamlines B2B integration  ensures real-time data collection  and mitigates risks like counterfeiting and drug adulteration  providing a single source of truth for stakeholders. PharmaTrace's unique value lies in its revolutionary combination of blockchain  AI  ML  and IoT to create a secure and efficient ecosystem. Unlike other solutions available on the market that are heavy  unscalable  and hard-to-customize  our innovative blockchain technology addresses industry challenges while enhancing efficiency  transparency  and compliance. Our adaptable modular system delivers a functional platform within 4-6 months of contract conclusion. With a transparent pricing model  customers only pay for the features they use.
"Phonewize Mobile Accessories & Peripherals, Gaming, Ecommerce, Consumer Tech, Smart Home & Smart Workplace, Computer and Mobile Hardware, Storage & Peripherals, Power Banks, Smart Phones, Tablets / Laptops, Wearables, Telecoms & Mobility, Console Gaming, PC Gaming, Accessories - Chargers, Accessories - Headphones / earphones, Accessories - Memory cards, Accessories - Power Banks, Accessories - Tempered glasses, Devices - Smart Phones, Devices -Tablets, USB Gadgets - USB storage devices, Wearables - Sport & health wearables Welcome to Phonewize  your leading partner in the world of consumer electronics  with a special focus on mobile phones. Located at the heart of global commerce  the Dubai Airport Freezone. At Phonewize  we understand that each customer is unique  with their own needs and preferences. Therefore  we offer customized solutions  whether you are looking for new or used phones  in large or smaller quantities. Our goal is to meet your specific wants and requirements precisely. Our position in the Dubai Airport Freezone enables us to act quickly and efficiently  with access to a broad network of international suppliers and customers. This means we can flexibly respond to the dynamic market demand and always deliver the best offerings tailored to your specific needs. Phonewize is your wholesale source for the highest quality smartphones available today."
"Phova Technology No categories available PHOVA Technology stands at the forefront of innovation in industrial machinery solutions  powered by cutting-edge IoT technologies and a game-changing business approach. Our flagship offering  ""Machinery as a Service "" is a paradigm-shifting solution designed to revolutionize the industrial equipment landscape. Crafted with the singular aim of enhancing our customers' competitiveness  it empowers them to concentrate on what sets them apart. Operating across diverse sectors including chemicals  petrochemicals  fertilizers  refining  pulp and paper  power plants  mines  and chemical pumping stations  we are committed to delivering unparalleled products and services. Our mission is to elevate efficiency and reliability to unmatched levels  ensuring our customers' success."
"PiA Group Big Data & Analytics, 5G & Telecommunications, Billing / OSS / BSS, Cloud Solutions, Data Analytics, Data Architecture, Data Governance, Compliance & Security, Data Infrastructure, Data Integration, Data Lake, Data Management, Data Mining, Data Science, Data Visualisation, Data Warehouse, DataOps, Devops, Digital Transformation, Extract, transform, load - ETL, Machine Learning, Real-Time Analytics, Structured Query Language - SQL Welcome to PiA  where we put People in Action to accelerate our client’s technology innovation cycles and help them addressing hyper-competition. Founded in 2012  we offer a wide range of IT services across sectors from our offices in Seattle  Istanbul  Dubai  and Tirana. We are a team of professionals: putting Performance in Action  with a Purpose in Action to innovate  and provide high-quality services that meet our clients’ needs."
Picaleev by VelyVelo No categories available Picaleev by VelyVelo is a cutting-edge urban mobility company that transforms last-mile delivery with its electric bike fleet and unique fleet management software. Founded in 2022 and based in Casablanca  Picaleev provides a sustainable  efficient and cost-effective delivery solution for urban environments. By incorporating advanced technology with environmentally friendly transportation  Picaleev improves delivery logistics and greatly decreases carbon emissions  contributing to cleaner and more livable city centers. Dedicated to quality and sustainability  Picaleev provides leasing options and full support  making their services accessible to businesses of all sizes  from local start-ups to large enterprises.
"PIESHIP Retail Tech, Future Mobility & Transportation, Ecommerce, Cloud Services, Software as a Service - SaaS, Storage, eLogistics, Fleet & Logistics Solutions, Fleet Management, Last Mile, Mobility As A Service - Maas, Supply Chain & Logistics - Automation, Supply Chain & Logistics - Delivery & Returns, inc. Final Mile, Supply Chain & Logistics - ERP An intelligent platform is being designed to connect shipping companies with licensed and qualified captains to deliver orders. The platform will collect shipments  analyze them and sort them into routes according to their locations using AI technology. This will allow the captain to work freely and deliver shipments according to the appropriate route  regardless of the shipment's source. The platform will also provide a system to evaluate the performance of captains and track shipments  which will help improve the experience of both the recipient and the shipping companies"
"Pioneers IT Software Services, Retail Tech, Cloud Services, Cloud Service Provider - CSP, Enterprise Resource Planning - ERP, Software as a Service - SaaS, Supply Chain & Logistics - ERP, CRM (Customer Relationship Management) Software, ERP (Enterprise Resource Planning) Software Pioneers Information Technology Co. Ltd. “Gold Microsoft Partner (CSP & VAR)” was founded in 2011 with its headquarter in Jeddah-KSA  & three main branches in “Riyadh-KSA  Dubai-UAE & Cairo-Egypt” We offer professional services in the development  implementation  training  and support of integrated business management systems. Fully focused on Microsoft Dynamics ERP  CRM solutions  and their specialized add-ons. Pioneers IT started with a team of competent professionals who has over 18 years of experience in the technology field and more than 10 years in ERP Industry with the mission of “delivering the optimum IT solution for your company” As a Gold Microsoft CSP (Cloud Service Provider) in the Middle East  We provide Cloud Services such as. Dynamics 365  Office 365  Microsoft Azure  . .etc"
PIP PIP YALAH No categories available Pip Pip Yalah is an innovative mobility startup transforming transportation with its eco-friendly  multimodal carpooling app. Designed to alleviate traffic congestion and reduce environmental pollution  the app enables seamless ride-sharing experiences for commuters. Focused on sustainability  Pip Pip Yalah integrates various transportation modes  providing users with flexible options. The platform emphasizes security and convenience  featuring secure payment systems and an intuitive user interface. By fostering a community of like-minded individuals committed to green travel  the app encourages a shift towards more sustainable living. This initiative not only enhances urban mobility but also contributes to a healthier environment by reducing carbon emissions and promoting efficient use of resources.
"PixelRo.Co.Ltd HealthTech, Healthcare IT Pixelro Co.  Ltd. realizes technology that pursues human convenience based on digital care 'for a better future'. The company is a company for eye health and is launched by Samsung as a C-LAB spin-off to develop and sell products using various digital convergence technologies for vision protection and readability improvement solutions and healing."
Pixii Motors No categories available Pixii Motors stands out in the electric scooter market with its advanced Shadow model  built for smart urban travel. This scooter features cutting-edge sensors for blind spot  theft  and crash detection  boosting safety and security. It's powered by AI to enhance battery life and safety  employing deep learning for data optimization. Key features include a smart cockpit  superior connectivity  and a helpful AI chatbot for user assistance. The company also offers a swift battery swap station and a comprehensive SaaS fleet management system with geofencing and cloud data recovery  highlighting its focus on innovative  connected mobility solutions.
"PJSC Softline Smart Cities, Retail Tech, Internet of Things (IOT), Cyber security, Artificial Intelligence, Chatbots / Virtual Assistant, Computer Vision, Optical character recognition (OCR), Robotic Process Automation, Anti-spam, Anti-Malware & Anti-Virus & Email Security, Application Security, Testing & Control, Business Continuity & Disaster Recovery Planning, Cloud Security, Data Governance, Risk & Compliance, Endpoint Protection & Mobile Security, Intrusion Detection & Penetration Testing, Network & Infrastructure Security, Phishing, Security Architecture & Design, Industrial IoT (IIoT) & Connectivity, IoT Solutions, Video Analytics, Virtual Reality, Customer Experience & Retention - AI & Machine Learning, Customer Experience & Retention - CRM Systems, Customer Experience & Retention - Loyalty Programmes, Data & Analytics - Business Intelligence, Merchandise Planning & Inventory Management - Forecasting, Merchandise Planning & Inventory Management - Inventory Management, Payments - Omnichannel Payments, Payments - POS Payments, Building Services, Management & Consulting, Safety & Security Solutions, Transport Infrastructure Softline Group is one of the IT market leaders with 30+ years of experience and access to qualified personnel with over 8 400 employees  including engineers and developers. The Group enables the digital transformation of its customers' businesses by bringing together about 100 000 end customers from various industries with 5 000+ best-in-class IT vendors."
"Pkey Cyber security, Blockchain, Identity / Trust / Authentication, Authentication User, Biometric Authentication and PKI Our startup offers a comprehensive PKI management solution designed to secure your digital identity with ease and efficiency. Our solution includes the management of digital certificates  automating their deployment to servers or services  without forgetting the digital signature  ensuring your electronic documents are authenticated and secure. In addition to PKI management  we provide advanced blockchain services  leveraging the power of decentralized technology to enhance security  transparency  and trust in your operations. Operating globally  we serve clients across various industries  offering customized solutions that meet the unique needs of each business. Our team of experts is dedicated to delivering cutting-edge technology and unparalleled support  helping you navigate the complexities of digital security and blockchain integration. Trust us to protect your digital assets and streamline your operations with our state-of-the-art PKI management and blockchain services."
"PLAN S UYDU VE UZAY TEKOLOJILERI A.S. Space Tech, Internet of Things (IOT), Consumer Tech, Smart Home & Smart Workplace, AgriTech & FoodTech, 5G & Telecommunications, Broadband Services, Communication Equipment, Geospatial Solutions & Services, Marine Communication Equipment & Services, Satellite & Distribution, Space Tech, Climate-Smart Agriculture, IoT, Automation & IoT, Electronic Components (Connection Devices, Electron Tubes, Etc), Connectivity Modules, Data Analytics, Industrial IoT (IIoT) & Connectivity, IoT Solutions, M2M Solutions, Telecommunications Established in 2021  Plan-S epitomizes the entrepreneurial spirit of the ""New Space"" movement  focusing on satellite technologies for IoT connectivity and Earth observation. This initiative is rapidly establishing a significant presence in Türkiye's satellite and space sector  aiming to pioneer rather than follow trends. With a dedicated team  Plan-S has developed several satellites like Connecta T1.1 and Connecta T1.2 for IoT  and Connecta T2.1 for Earth Observation  demonstrating efficiency with quick development timelines. The company is also innovating beyond hardware  holding 13 pending patents. Additionally  Plan-S operates two ground stations in Ankara and Erzurum  enhancing operational control and safety. Their ""Space as a Solution"" approach provides comprehensive services from satellite design to ground station installation and IoT integration  offering end-to-end solutions to utilize space technology effectively across various challenges."
"Plustek Internet of Things (IOT), Consumer Tech, Smart Home & Smart Workplace, Big Data & Analytics, Artificial Intelligence, Software Services, Computer and Mobile Hardware, Storage & Peripherals, Digital Imaging Equipment, Office Automation & Equipment, Data Extraction, Digital Transformation, Robotic Process Automation - RPA, Artificial Intelligence, IoT Solutions, Platform Solutions, Application integration and infrastructure, Data Analytics & Automation, Digital Imaging Plustek Inc.: Global imaging solutions provider  offering a wide range of scanners and data extraction automation tech for consumers and prosumers."
Podro No categories available Founded in 2020  Podro is the first social commerce startup in middle east. Podro provides micro SME with an all-in-one shop builder letting them setup their online shop in few minutes. Podro provides its clients with various offerings such as order management  mini CRM  communication tools  logistics and delivery providers integration and online payment gateway in one single application. Also social shops can connect their Podro account to their Instagram shop and let Podro create their online shop automatically through content and posts on the Instagram shop. Our mission is to let people make their ideas to business.
POGO No categories available POGO is revolutionizing urban commuting in   by providing shared  connected  affordable and eco-friendly transportation means entitled to multimodal EVs available in self-service for short & long term rental through our mobile App. POGO is also installing 22 Kwh EV chargers available for usage either through POGO App or POGO NFC cards. We currently have a fleet of 300 electric two wheelers. In terms of KPIs  we have + 12 000 active users  + 500 000 Km traveled in addition to + 80 Tons of CO2 saved through our sharing operations. Our mission is to gradually transform   and African cities into smart urban areas which comply with the 11th principle of sustainable development (SDG11).
"POLAROID Consumer Tech, Smart Home & Smart Workplace, Audio Systems & Equipment, Computer and Mobile Hardware, Storage & Peripherals, Digital Imaging Equipment, Headphones, Home Entertainment Solutions / Integration Systems, Printing Solutions Markushu SARL set up in 2014 to bring great photo brands and a fresh perspective to distribution in  . With young & open-minded people  we do all to keep this vision going until now. Our brands are Agfa Photo  Polaroid  Harman Tech  Ilford  Joby and Lowepro. We are proud in partnering with brands that offer great value  good quality and an unforgettable experience. Customer satisfaction is vital to our understanding. Therefore  we stand behind all brands we represent. Any problems you have  is our problem and we take responsibility. We use all sales & marketing channels in our business  such as Jumia platform  retail stores and brand ambassadors. We are always open to new ideas and ventures  feel free to contact us."
"Polymorpho Cyber security, Application Security, Testing & Control, Cloud Security, Digital Forensics & Incident Response, Internet of Things (IoT) Security, Intrusion Detection & Penetration Testing, Legal, Regulations, Investigations & Compliance, Network & Infrastructure Security, Operations Security, Phishing, Ransomware, Security Credentials Polymorpho was founded by Cybersecurity experts equipped with substantial experience in building powerful  advanced and innovative Cybersecurity & Intelligence solutions available to Private Sector & licensed Government Intelligence and Law Enforcement agencies to prevent and investigate cybercrime."
"POLYTEL-EVOLIS Unmanned Aerial Vehicles (Drones), Sustainability & Green Climate - Tech, Software Services, Retail Tech, 3D Printing & Printing Services, Design & Product Development - 3D Mapping, Design & Product Development - Engineering and part design, Digitization / services / tool and die making - Engineering, Digitization / services / tool and die making - Industrial Tool and Die Making, E-commerce & M-commerce - Click & Collect Solutions, Business Process Management, Food & Agriculture - Food & Water Processing, Food & Agriculture - Food Production B2C, Food & Agriculture - Food transport & Delivery POLYTEL est importateur grossiste et distributeur de EVOLIS   BROTHER au    ainsi que des grandes marques de matériels informatiques"
"PortaOne 5G & Telecommunications, Billing / OSS / BSS PortaOne has been developing billing  business support systems  and cloud telephony software for communication service providers for over two decades. We’ve helped over 500 forward-thinking telcos in 100+ countries be market leaders while keeping the total cost of ownership for their business support system under control. We offer an unlimited lifetime license  and our open-architecture platform lets our customers quickly develop new services in-house. We give access to the source code to our customers to ensure security validation and transparency. Visit www.portaone.com to find out how we can help you succeed."
Portnet S.A. No categories available PortNet  initiated in 2008 by the National Ports Agency  symbolizes a strategic alliance between the   government and international trade communities aimed at enhancing the national business environment and boosting port and trade competitiveness. This initiative is a core element of  's strategy to advance its logistics and port operations through innovative e-government solutions. By 2012  the PORTNET Limited Company was established to manage the National Single Window system  designed to simplify all port-related and trading processes  ensuring efficiency and reducing bureaucracy. PortNet serves as an exemplary model of public-private collaboration  improving the ease of doing business and facilitating the flow of goods and information. It also integrates best practices for international trade  allowing for data exchange with other nations' single window systems  which streamlines and enhances the logistical and commercial chains globally.
"Posbank Co., Ltd Digital Finance, Retail Tech, POS Machines & Payment Solutions, Digital Signage - Digital Signage Kiosks POSBANK is a Point of Sale and Kiosk manufacturer that provides the best quality products and services based on more than 25 years of experience and technology."
Positeams Employee Engagement No categories available Founded in 2020  Positeams is a pioneering startup in the HR Tech sector  dedicated to equipping companies with cutting-edge digitalization solutions. Our mission is to streamline employee experience management and enhance their journey amidst digital transformation by providing innovative tools tailored to contemporary challenges. We currently offer a SaaS platform that empowers organisations with the digital tools needed to create highly engaged teams. Through automation and pulse surveys  we enable companies of all sizes to continuously measure and improve engagement. We believe that for companies to remain competitive  HR should be data driven and employees put at the center. We are committed to improving the employee experience. Through continuous feedback  we are able to present actionable insights to HR and managers to make data driven decisions.
"PostGoo Software Services, Media, Marketing & Advertising Tech, Big Data & Analytics, Artificial Intelligence, Content Creation, Data Extraction, Natural Language Processing (NLP), Optical character recognition (OCR), Analytics as a service, Applications, Artificial Intelligence, Business Intelligence, Dashboard, Data Analytics, Data Mining, Data Visualisation, Digital Transformation, Mobile Technology, Real-Time Analytics, Social Media Data, Visual Analytics, Data Analytics, Media Publishing, Social Media Management & Monitoring, UX & UI, Application integration and infrastructure, Business Intelligence Solutions, Data Analytics & Automation, Mobile Applications After 3 years of work our project – a revolutionary platform that's not just transforming the media landscape but addressing one of the most challenges of our digital age: information overload. Our platform offers more than just news; Firstly  our primary strength compared to competitors is the AI; in freemium mode  users can discover trends   summarization  a single click allows the user to summarize all the followed articles also Keyword tracking  with an advanced notification system. Secondly  our second strength is a personalized feed system with more than 13 languages. Also we get the user multiform feed (video  podcast  station radio) . Social media news & monitoring for B2B: Empowering companies to track keywords  unveiling brand sentiment across media landscapes  enabling informed responses to positive or negative mentions. finally  providing API data for in-depth analysis  facilitating strategic decision-making."
"Premier Hub and Innovation Center Incubator/Accelerator/Investment, Software Services, PropTech, Education Tech, 3D Printing & Printing Services, Design & Product Development - PLM, CAD, CAM, CLE software, Learning management infrastructure, methods and systems, Tenant Experience, Application integration and infrastructure, Business Process Management, Management and business skills, Publishing & E-Content / Digital Library, Training centre resources, Training materials, Vocational Training – Software & Hardware Premier Hub Innovation Center exists to fast-track innovation and enterprise in Nigeria by creating an enabling environment and empowering youths who are leveraging technology to build ideas into sustainable solutions. Our passion towards business growth is glaring through our periodic support of startups to scale. We support businesses at all stages of their growth journey through our broad range of services which includes peer-to-peer business support  events  and specialist programs paving the way for innovation and people development across Nigeria providing services like Private office space  Workspace  Boardroom  Training room as well as Event room"
"Presight Digital Finance, Smart Cities, Big Data & Analytics, Artificial Intelligence, Analytics as a service, Artificial Intelligence, Cloud Solutions, Data Governance, Compliance & Security, Data Infrastructure, Digital Transformation, Machine Learning, Visual Analytics, Artificial Intelligence, Big Data / Digitisation / Analytics, Data Analytics / Big Data / IoT, Data Storage / Cloud / Smart Cities, E-KYC, Building Technology & Innovation, Digital Health Solutions, ICT, Smart Digitial IoT Technology Presight  an ADX-listed public company limited by shares whose majority shareholder is Abu Dhabi company G42  is the region’s leading big data analytics company powered by Artificial Intelligence (“AI”). It combines big data  analytics  and AI expertise to serve every sector  of every scale  to create business and positive societal impact. With its world-class computer vision  AI and omni-analytics platform as its engine  Presight excels at all-source data interpretation to support insight-driven decision-making that shapes policy and creates safer  healthier  happier  and more sustainable societies. For more information visit www.presight.ai"
Presta Freedom No categories available Presta Freedom is a MONTHLY Subscription Platform for Home Services..And it ALWAYS starts  with a Home Cleaning SUBSCRIPTION. The first service offered is the monthly cleaning subscription wich is carried out by a team of trained technicians  formally employed with a highly motivating career path and benefits such as: Between 2 and 4 persons  to finish the cleaning between 45 min and 2h30 maximum Cleaning products and tools included Eating at the client's place is prohibited Prohibited from accepting tips (Flous LMarkoub) Breakage and theft insurance This Team of highly trained Cleaners  Housekeepers  Gouvernant & Valets  that are frequently inside your home  GIVES ACCESS to Many other Monthly SUBSCRIPTIONS  through some 100s of Company Affiliates in our Marketplace Like: Dry cleaning Gardening Swimming Pool Services Nannies and Baby sitters For some  Health care services: As Nursing or Golden age Care Subs As Well as: Grocery Shopping in a subscription mode Also .Until Dog Grooming
"Prestige Informatique Software Services, Cloud Services, Coding and Development, Big Data & Analytics, Artificial Intelligence, Application integration and infrastructure, Business Intelligence Solutions, Business Process Management, Data Analytics & Automation, Finance & Accounting Software, Chatbots / Virtual Assistant, Enterprise Applications, Artificial Intelligence, Business Intelligence, Dashboard, Data Analytics, Data Visualisation, Extract, transform, load - ETL, Operational Intelligence, Structured Data, Structured Query Language - SQL, Virtualization, Visual Analytics, Applications including Development, Deployment & Design, Migration, Software as a Service - SaaS, Artificial Intelligence, Backend Development, Cloud Computing, Frontend Development, Web Development Established in 1994  Prestige Informatique stands as a prominent Digital Services Company (ESN) renowned for its expertise in developing and integrating cutting-edge digital solutions. Specializing in Electronic Mail Management (GEC)  Business Process Digitization (BPM)  Document Management (GED)  and Electronic Signature Digitalization (DDS)  its focus extends across various sectors including public institutions  administrations  ministries  as well as financial entities such as banks and insurance companies. With a track record of successful projects spanning over twenty years  its consultants have established a solid reputation for delivering high-tech solutions not only in   but also across Francophone and Anglophone Africa.As an innovative leader  Prestige Informatique excels in leveraging the latest technologies  serving as a cloud expert and offering AI solutions to meet the evolving needs of its clients."
"Prima Systems Software Services, Internet of Things (IOT), HealthTech, Cloud Services, Big Data & Analytics, Analytics as a service, Cloud Solutions, Dashboard, Data Analytics, Data Integration, Data Management, Data Mining, Data Visualisation, DataOps, Devops, Real-Time Analytics, Structured Query Language - SQL, Visual Analytics, Analyst, Analytics, Applications including Development, Deployment & Design, Big Data & Analytics, Desktop as a Service - DaaS, DevOps, Enterprise Resource Planning - ERP, Infrastructure as a Service - IaaS, IT Service Management - ITSM, Networks, Outsource Development, Recruitment, Software as a Service - SaaS, Training or Recruitement, Community Health Services, Government, Healthcare Consultancy Service, Healthcare Investor, Healthcare IT, Laboratory Facilities, Laboratory Technology, Medical Education Institute, Medical Facilities, Medical Manufacturer, Medical Practice, Medical Travel, Other Business, Application Development, Artificial Intelligence, Cloud Services, Connectivity Modules, Data Analytics, Data Science, IoT Solutions, Network Management and Optimization, Application integration and infrastructure, Business Process Management, CRM (Customer Relationship Management) Software, ERP (Enterprise Resource Planning) Software, HR Tech, Mobile Applications Prima Systems is a leading provider of healthcare business process outsourcing services. With a team of highly-skilled professionals and state-of-the-art technology  we specialize in offering a wide range of BPO solutions tailored to meet the unique needs of our clients. Our cost effective and highly personalized healthcare BPO solutions let you focus on quality patient care with improved business efficiency and revenue. Partner with Prima Systems and unlock the potential for growth and success. Contact us today to learn more about our services and how we can help you achieve your business objectives."
"Private Discuss Data Centres, Cyber security, Cloud Services, Big Data & Analytics, 5G & Telecommunications, Converged / Unified Communications, Video, Artificial Intelligence, Business Intelligence, Cloud Solutions, Data Governance, Compliance & Security, Data Infrastructure, Data Management, Data Privacy / Protection, Business Continuity, Back-up & Disaster Recovery, Cloud Management Platform, Cybersecurity, Governance & Compliance, Platform as a Service - PaaS, Private Cloud, Public Cloud, Telecommunication, Unified Communications, Business Continuity & Disaster Recovery Planning, Cloud Security, Data Governance, Risk & Compliance, Digital Forensics & Incident Response, Legal, Regulations, Investigations & Compliance, Operations Security, Telecommunication & Network Security, Compliance & Risk Management Private Discuss"
"PROACTIVE ITS Digital Finance, Regulatory Technology, Data Centres, Cyber security, Cloud Services, Anti-spam, Anti-Malware & Anti-Virus & Email Security, Application Control, Application integration and infrastructure, Application Security, Testing & Control, Applied Security, Business Continuity & Disaster Recovery Planning, Cloud Security, Data Governance, Risk & Compliance, Digital Forensics & Incident Response, Endpoint Protection & Mobile Security, Intrusion Detection & Penetration Testing, Legal, Regulations, Investigations & Compliance, Network & Infrastructure Security, Ransomware, Security Architecture & Design, Security Credentials, Telecommunication & Network Security, Cloud Management & Optimisation, Consultancy, Cybersecurity, Governance & Compliance, Hybrid, IT Service Management - ITSM, Managed Service Provider - MSP, Migration, Monitoring, Networks, Private Cloud, Professional Services, Storage, Training or Recruitement, Value Added Distributor - VAD or Value Added Reseller - VAR, Virtualization, Web Hosting, Workload Management, Compliance & Risk Management, Consultancy, Data Centre Infrastructure Management, Data Management Solutions, Disaster Recovery, RegTech / Audit / Regulatory Compliance, E-Commerce Solutions, Education & Training PROACTIVE ITS is a global consulting and technology services provider with extensive experience in financial and government institutions and regulatory requirements. With certified engineers and expertise in cybersecurity  cloud computing  and data management  they offer customized solutions to streamline operations and improve efficiency. With a focus on identifying new opportunities and developing innovative solutions  PROACTIVE ITS is committed to staying at the forefront of technology advancements and ensuring the best possible services for their clients. Our certified and well-trained engineers are up to speed on the newest IT security policies and regulatory standards  with certifications like CISA  COBIT  Ethical Hacker  ISO 27005  ISO 27001  CGEIT  CDPSE  Cybersecurity CSX  CCNA  CCNP  Microsoft  PMP  and other relevant qualifications."
Proboutik No categories available Proboutik positions itself as a 'ONE-STOP DIGITAL SHOP' for supporting informal micro-enterprises in Africa  serving as their strategic partner for successful digitalization and modernization. We offer a range of mobile-first digital solutions that are simple to use and intuitive for all types of micro-enterprises.
Programmers Force No categories available Following are startup which are under PF umbrella Facia.ai amlwatcher.com thekyb.com
"Progummy Inc. Gaming, Education Tech, Coding and Development, Artificial Intelligence, Gaming, Machine Learning, NFTs, Video Game Development, Artificial Intelligence & IOT, Collaborative learning and technology, EdTech & Smart Classroom Solution, Educational Support & Other Service, Game Based Learning Programs & Simulations, STEAM Education & Robotics, Training materials, Game Design / Creation Progummy is a dynamic platform designed to revolutionize the learning process for coding enthusiasts of all ages. Built upon the familiar and intuitive Scratch programming language  Progummy introduces collaborative  block-based coding in a uniquely engaging manner. Its innovative real-time collaboration feature not only fosters teamwork but also facilitates seamless teaching and learning experiences. By combining the power of collaborative learning with the simplicity of visual programming  Progummy transforms the journey of learning to code into an exciting adventure for learners and their friends  empowering them to explore  create  and grow together."
"PROTEI LLC Smart Cities, Networking & Infrastructure, Internet of Things (IOT), 5G & Telecommunications, Mobile Telecommunications & 5G, Communication Equipment, Industrial IoT (IIoT) & Connectivity, M2M Solutions, Firewalls, Telecommunication Platforms, Safety & Security Solutions PROTEI is an international telecommunication systems vendor operating in Eastern Europe  Central Asia  Latin America  the Middle East & North Africa  having extensive know-how and a proven track record in the telecommunication market. Our products are highly customizable and can be altered according to any requirements. PROTEI serves more than 300 renowned customers in over 45 countries to cater 250 million subscribers worldwide. The company works in accordance with the ISO 9001:2015. Under PROTEI brand we present reliable  cost effective  carrier-class solutions. PROTEI offers comprehensive solutions for building 3G  4G/LTE  MVNO  Private LTE/5G  NGN/IMS network infrastructure. The product line covers all needs of MNO/MVNO operators. In a highly competitive market  innovation and cost-effectiveness is the clear way forward for Operators and service providers that want to stay ahead of the field. PROTEI has a broad range of products designed with exactly these factors in mind."
"PROXICOM Mobile Accessories & Peripherals, 5G & Telecommunications, Mobile Telecommunications & 5G, Accessories - Bluetooth speakers, Accessories - Cases & Covers, Accessories - Chargers, Accessories - Headphones / earphones, Accessories - Power Banks, Devices - Smart Phones, Devices -Portable Media Players, Devices -Tablets, Wearables - Smart watches, Wearables - Wearables electronics PROXICOM est un acteur  ain de la distribution avec de grandes ambitions africaines. Depuis sa création en 2014  PROXICOM est devenu en 2020 le 3éme importateur et distributeur de la marque INFINIX pour la téléphonie mobile et de la marque ORAIMO pour les accessoires grâce à un partenariat stratégique avec le groupe TRANSSION HOLDING sous sa marque PROXICOM DISTRIBUTION. En plus de cette activité de distribution  PROXICOM s’est imposé depuis 2018 comme un acteur majeur dans l’intégration des solutions de domotique et plus généralement dans l’intégration des solutions courant faible sous sa marque PROXICOM SOLUTIONS. En parallèle PROXICOM et ses dirigeants ont su développer un réseau de partenaires aussi riche qu’influent et mettent à profit leur savoir faire pour aider de nouveaux arrivants à intégrer le monde des affaires  ain sous sa marque PROXICOM CONSEIL"
Pure Storage - StarLink No categories available Pure Storage (NYSE: PSTG) uncomplicates data storage  forever. Pure delivers a cloud experience that empowers every organization to get the most from their data while reducing the complexity and expense of managing the infrastructure behind it. Pure’s commitment to providing true storage as-a-service gives customers the agility to meet changing data needs at speed and scale  whether they are deploying traditional workloads  modern applications  containers  or more. Pure believes it can make a significant impact to reducing data center emissions worldwide through its environmental sustainability efforts  including designing products that enable customers to reduce their carbon and energy footprint. And with a certified customer satisfaction score in the top one percent of B2B companies  Pure's ever-expanding list of customers are among the happiest in the world. For more information  visit www.purestorage.com.
"Push Buttons Creative Economy, Design, Software Push Buttons is a boutique agency - we design digital products - mobile and web applications For 10 years  we have been focusing exclusively on User Experience—we conduct research  audits  workshops  and design software  regardless of the industry  technological limitations  or user characteristics. Each time  we get involved in the project as much as possible to learn its context and content. This allows us not only to design freely but also to be a real partner for the client  thanks to which we set development directions together. We work for clients in many industries and with various scales of operations - from startups to large corporations. We designed the Agritech platform  Mobile operator app for Kids  Self-checkout interface  Fintech app  and Water Drone management system - just to name a few. We can provide solid support in conducting research  designing  and creating digital products. We'll help to change YOUR idea into an attractive product!"
"PwC Digital Finance, Sustainability & Green Climate - Tech, Cyber security, Cloud Services, Big Data & Analytics, Cloud Solutions - Private and Public, Business Continuity & Disaster Recovery, Big Data / Digitisation / Analytics, Banking Solutions, Analytics as a service, Applications, Artificial Intelligence, Business Intelligence, Cloud Solutions, Data Analytics, Data back-up, Data Governance, Compliance & Security, Data Infrastructure, Data Integration, Data Lake, Data Management, Data Science, Data Visualisation, DataOps, Devops, Digital Transformation, IoT, Operational Intelligence, Robotic Process Automation - RPA, Virtualization, Visual Analytics, Analyst, Analytics, Applications including Development, Deployment & Design, Big Data & Analytics, Business Continuity, Back-up & Disaster Recovery, Cloud Management & Optimisation, Cloud Management Platform, Cloud Service Provider - CSP, Colocation, Consultancy, Content Delivery & Management, Cost Management & Optimisation, Customer Relationship Management - CRM, Cybersecurity, Data as a Service - DAAS, Desktop as a Service - DaaS, DevOps, Edge, Fog, Enterprise Resource Planning - ERP, Governance & Compliance, High Performance Computing - HPC, Hosting, Hybrid, Hyperscale Provider, Infrastructure as a Service - IaaS, Internet Service Provider - ISP, IT Service Management - ITSM, Managed Service Provider - MSP, Migration, Monitoring, Networks, Open Source, Outsource Development, Platform as a Service - PaaS, Print Management, Private Cloud, Professional Services, Public Cloud, Recruitment, Secure Access Service Edge - SASE, Software as a Service - SaaS, Software Defined Networking - SDN, Storage, Telecommunication, Total Solution Provider, Training or Recruitement, Unified Communications, Value Added Distributor - VAD or Value Added Reseller - VAR, Virtualization, Web Hosting, Workload Management, Anti-spam, Anti-Malware & Anti-Virus & Email Security, Application Control, Application integration and infrastructure, Application Security, Testing & Control, Applied Security, Authentication User, Biometric Authentication and PKI, Business Continuity & Disaster Recovery Planning, Cloud Security, Cryptography, Data Governance, Risk & Compliance, Digital Forensics & Incident Response, Endpoint Protection & Mobile Security, Internet of Things (IoT) Security, Intrusion Detection & Penetration Testing, Legal, Regulations, Investigations & Compliance, Network & Infrastructure Security, Operations Security, Phishing, Ransomware, Security Architecture & Design, Security Credentials, Software Development Security, Telecommunication & Network Security, Auditing Solutions, Asset Management / Personal Finance / Wealth Management, ESG Business Services - Audit, Energy Management & Sustainability, Core Banking Solutions, Data Analytics / Big Data / IoT, Digital Payment, E-Payment Solutions, Enterprise Software / Operating Systems, Insurance Solutions, InsureTech, Interoperability / System Integration, RegTech / Audit / Regulatory Compliance, Robotic Process Automation, Taxation Solutions, Threat Management Solutions PwC in   stands at the forefront of innovation  blending human expertise with cutting-edge technology to drive transformative change. Our community of solvers deliver consulting  auditing  and legal services  spearheading technology acceleration and cloud-driven transformations. With a global network spanning 151 countries and over 364 200 individuals  we offer tailored solutions that propel businesses forward. From financial auditing  tax and legal services  to sustainability & ESG  we empower organizations to navigate complexities and achieve strategic goals. Committed to fostering trust and sustainable growth  we are the go-to partner for businesses in    Africa  and beyond."
Pwn & Patch No categories available Pwn & Patch was established on March 2021 with a mission to protect businesses and organizations from the ever-increasing threat of cyber attacks. We provide a cutting-edge threat intelligence solution that combines real-time data analysis  advanced machine learning  and human expertise to deliver unparalleled insights and protection against emerging data breaches and advanced malicious actors. Our threat intel solution 'Oktoboot'  monitors a vast array of sources  including the deep and dark web  and provides continuous updates on the latest breaches and vulnerabilities that could potentially impact our clients' systems. By combining this intelligence with our advanced analytics and machine learning algorithms  we are able to provide our clients with a comprehensive and up-to-date view of the cyber threat landscape and a full vision about their attack surface.
"QROWNTECH Software Services, HealthTech, Education Tech, Cloud Services, Business Continuity, Back-up & Disaster Recovery, Software as a Service - SaaS, Storage, Certification & Licensing, Content libraries, Healthcare IT, Application integration and infrastructure, Finance & Accounting Software, HR Tech QROWNTECH is a company specialized in building solutions relying on QR technology  offering a range of products that improve business processes  enhance security  and build trust. Among our offerings  the QR Document Authenticator excels in document verification and authentication through QR codes  ensuring efficiency  security  and protection against tampering."
"QuanHeng Smart Cities, Data Centres, Consumer Tech, Smart Home & Smart Workplace, Big Data & Analytics, 5G & Telecommunications, Cabling, Communication Equipment, Data Centres, Fixed Line Telecommunications, IP Communications & Applications, Mobile Telecommunications & 5G, Telecommunication Integration & Equipment Services, Wireless, Business Intelligence, Data Analytics, Telecommunication, Video Systems & Equipment, Cabinets and Enclosures, Cabling, Data Building & Verification, Data Centre Next Generation, Power Management, Security - Data & Virtual, Smart Services Wuxi QuanHeng Technology Co.  Ltd. was estabilished in 2017.With the factory area of more than 7000 square meters . Wuxi QuanHeng Technology focuses on design and production of products in fiber optic telecommunications. Including : Fiber optic distribution box  fiber optic closure  fiber optic splitter  WDM  indoor outdoor patchcord and cable fittings .We have injection molding machine 16 sets PLC coupling system 15 sets with more than 120 workers   we can produce PLC 200.000 pieces and distribution box 120.000 sets per month .A full set of advanced testing equipment makes our products and solution reliable  we also established an environmental management system and occupational health/safety management system .Our products have been widely use in Southeast Asia  South America Middle East Europe and Africa."
Quantolio No categories available Quantolio is an AI startup with seven years of experience in financial hubs like London  Geneva  Singapore  and New York. We specialize in bespoke AI solutions for financial services  addressing data silos and decision-making inefficiencies. Our partners include KPMG   Societe Generale  Caxton  Crestline and others/ We recently launched Quantolio Insights  an AI platform for financial institutions. It enables analysts to complete extensive work in minutes and supports leaders in making informed decisions swiftly  enhancing operational efficiency and outcomes
"Quantum Security Systems Cyber security, Application integration and infrastructure, Application Security, Testing & Control, Applied Security, Data Governance, Risk & Compliance, Digital Forensics & Incident Response, Intrusion Detection & Penetration Testing, Legal, Regulations, Investigations & Compliance, Operations Security, Phishing Quantum Security System's mission to bolster cyber security aligns perfectly with Saudi Arabia's 2030 Vision  which emphasizes the importance of technological innovation and resilience in the face of evolving threats. By providing cutting-edge cyber security solutions  QSS not only helps safeguard Saudi entities against cyber attacks but also contributes to the broader goal of fostering a prosperous and resilient nation. As cyber threats continue to evolve in complexity and frequency  the need for robust cyber security measures becomes increasingly critical. QSS's collaborative security platforms and unique approach to centralizing alerts and prioritizing investigations empower organizations to stay ahead of emerging threats and effectively mitigate risks. Moreover  by viewing cyber security as a business enabler  QSS recognizes the integral role that cyber security plays in facilitating economic growth and innovation."
"Québec Future Mobility & Transportation, Cyber security, Coding and Development, Artificial Intelligence, 5G & Telecommunications, Data Centres, AI-optimized Hardware, Chatbots / Virtual Assistant, Natural Language Generation (NLG), Predictive APIs, Robotic Process Automation, Artificial Intelligence, Cloud Computing, Devops, Machine Learning, Operations Security, Alternative Fuels & Hydrogen, Batteries - Battery Manufacturing Technologies, Batteries - Lithium Ion Batteries, Bus Technology, Electric Vehicle OEMs (Public & Fleet: Bus/ Trucks) Investissement Québec International is the go-to partner for Québec-based and foreign businesses seeking to set up or do business in the province. Investissement Québec International is proud to support business innovation  entrepreneurship and play a vital role in ensuring the growth of investments and the acceleration of exports for Quebec businesses in Canada and internationally. You can count on our experienced team to assist you on the road to success."
"Quick Bricolage Creative Economy, Ecommerce, Consumer Tech, Smart Home & Smart Workplace, Electronic Components (Connection Devices, Electron Tubes, Etc), Home Appliances, Home Entertainment Solutions / Integration Systems, In-Vehicle Electronics, Leisure, Health & Lifestyle Wearables, Personal Care Applicances, Wearables, Architecture, Arts and crafts, Platforms, Web3 Applications Quick Bricolage is a specialized platform for home services  offering the opportunity to save time and money by providing access to reliable  vetted technicians who are available quickly and at competitive prices. Service and Product Segments: - Emergency minor plumbing and electrical repairs - Renovation work for bathrooms  kitchens  etc. - Installation and repair of household appliances - Sale  delivery  and installation of equipment and accessories  such as bathroom fixtures  electric water heaters  water filters  etc. Target Clients: - Busy Homeowners: Targeting homeowners who prefer home repair solutions to save time and avoid the hassle of traveling. - Elderly or Mobility-Impaired Individuals: Catering to those who need technical assistance at home to maintain a functional and safe environment. - Businesses and Professionals: Aiming at companies and professionals seeking emergency repair services to sustain their business operations. Our dream is to become the N one in  ."
"QUICK UP Private Limited Sustainability & Green Climate - Tech, Software Services, Smart Cities, Future Mobility & Transportation, Ecommerce, eCommerce Software, eLogistics, Fleet & Logistics Solutions, Mobility & Transport, Energy Management & Sustainability, Mobile Applications, ESG Business Services - Platform, Government Authorities & Environment Agencies QUICK UP revolutionizes delivery with tailored solutions for modern businesses in Pakistan and the United Kingdom. Our comprehensive courier services and state-of-the-art SAAS platform streamline operations  offering features like order scanning  multiple pickups and drops  live rider tracking  driver booking  and easy payment options. With a current order count exceeding 1 million and serving 250 clients  we partner with renowned vendors like Pepes  Oodles Chinese  Smash Official  and Ginsoy  prioritizing efficiency  accuracy  and reliability. Our mission is to empower businesses  exceed expectations  and drive innovation in the competitive market. At QUICK UP  we envision a future where deliveries are seamless and customer satisfaction is paramount. Through continuous improvement and a commitment to excellence  we aim to be the leading provider of delivery solutions worldwide. Join QUICK UP today to unlock your business's potential firsthand."
"RADIFIED PropTech, HealthTech, Coding and Development, Cloud Services, Cloud Management Platform, Healthcare Consultancy Service, Medical Facilities, Artificial Intelligence, Medical Practice, AI & IoT Radified is a cloud-based teleradiology platform providing top notch subspecialized reporting with 20+ years of experience  driven by AI technology!"
"Raenest Digital Finance, Banking Solutions, Card Issuance and Management, E-Wallets, Payments / Wallets / Exchange Gateways Raenest is an all-in-one platform that simplifies global receivables and expenses  allowing African businesses and freelancers to set up USD  GBP  and EUR bank accounts for faster  cost-effective payment reception. The platform provides seamless automation for payments and invoices in an enhanced and efficient manner"
"RAMZO Consumer Tech, Smart Home & Smart Workplace, Audio Systems & Equipment, Automation & IoT, Computer and Mobile Hardware, Storage & Peripherals, Large Appliances, Printing Solutions, Smart Phones, Smart Security, Tablets / Laptops, Video Systems & Equipment Ramzo  a   e-commerce store  bringing cutting-edge technology to every doorstep. From computers to tablets  our range caters to diverse needs. We're committed to bridging the digital gap  empowering  s with seamless access to the latest tech. Join us in shaping  's digital future  one delivery at a time"
"RandomCoffee Software Services, Education Tech, HR systems and services, HR Tech RandomCoffee is a SaaS platform transforming workplace interactions and culture across various sectors  industries  and organization sizes. Using an advanced matching algorithm  it helps organizations facilitate meaningful connections among employees  addressing isolation and departmental silos. Our solution supports goals like onboarding  mentorship  internal networking  and fostering a vibrant social culture  especially in remote and distributed teams. RandomCoffee integrates seamlessly with HRIS and communication tools like Slack and Microsoft Teams  making it adaptable for today's dynamic work environments. Serving large corporations  fast-growing companies  startups  and communities  RandomCoffee meets the universal need for connections. By bridging organizational gaps and enabling spontaneous  meaningful interactions  it fosters a more inclusive and connected culture  enhancing collaboration and employee engagement."
"RapportExpress Digital Finance, Data Centres, Big Data & Analytics, Artificial Intelligence, Data Extraction, Machine Learning, Natural Language Generation (NLG), Artificial Intelligence, Data Analytics, Data Management, Data Visualisation, Natural Language Processing - NLP, Data Management Solutions, Artificial Intelligence, Big Data / Digitisation / Analytics, Data Analytics / Big Data / IoT RapportExpress transforms data reporting for companies and organizations. With its advanced AI capabilities  it swiftly analyzes vast datasets  delivering actionable insights. From financial metrics to market trends  RapportExpress simplifies report creation  handling massive amounts of data effortlessly. Its intuitive platform streamlines operations  empowering users to make informed decisions efficiently."
"Raspberry Pi Smart Manufacturing, Sustainability & Green Climate - Tech, Networking & Infrastructure, Internet of Things (IOT), Consumer Tech, Smart Home & Smart Workplace, Automation & IoT, Computer and Mobile Hardware, Storage & Peripherals, Electronic Components (Connection Devices, Electron Tubes, Etc), Office Automation & Equipment, Smart Appliances / Gadgets, Artificial Intelligence, Industrial IoT (IIoT) & Connectivity, IoT Solutions, Network Management and Optimization, Robotics, Sensors, Smart lighting, Video Analytics, Data Management Technology, Gateways, Hubs, Monitoring & Management Tools, Physical Servers, Cloud, AI & Machine Learning, Energy Management & Sustainability, Factory Automation, Robotics Since 2012  we’ve been designing single-board and modular computers  built on the Arm architecture  and running the Linux operating system. Whether you’re an educator looking to excite the next generation of computer scientists; an enthusiast searching for inspiration for your next project; or an OEM who needs a proven rock-solid foundation for your next generation of smart products  there’s a Raspberry Pi computer for you. That’s not all we do. For lower-power and real-time applications  Raspberry Pi Pico boards  and the growing RP2 family of Raspberry Pi silicon products  bring our signature values of high performance  low cost  and ease of use to the microcontroller space. Our high-quality accessories ensure you get the best performance from your Raspberry Pi products. Raspberry Pi publications provide support and inspiration to makers and professionals alike."
"RateEat Sustainability & Green Climate - Tech, PropTech, AgriTech & FoodTech, Data Management, Food Losses & Waste, Personalized foods technologies, AI & Nutrition, Data & Analytics, Energy Management & Sustainability, Food & Agriculture RateEat is revolutionizing the way people discover and review restaurants and dishes. Our platform offers a comprehensive solution for users  providing easy access to restaurant information  authentic reviews  and personalized recommendations. With RateEat  users can explore a diverse range of dining options  share their dining experiences  and connect with others in their community. Whether you're looking for a quiet cafe or a trendy eatery  RateEat will provide you with the data you need to make informed dining decisions and enjoy your culinary experiences."
"Ratnafy Digital Finance, Creative Economy, Media, Marketing & Advertising Tech, Coding and Development, Artificial Intelligence, Chatbots / Virtual Assistant, Data Extraction, Deep Learning Platforms, Facial / Iris Recognition, Machine Learning, Natural Language Generation (NLG), Natural Language Processing (NLP), Optical character recognition (OCR), Planning and Optimization, Predictive APIs, Real time translation, Speech Recognition, Artificial Intelligence, Backend Development, Devops, Enterprise Applications, Frontend Development, Java, Machine Learning, Python, Web Development, Advertising, Design, Electronic Publishing, Software, Video, Artificial Intelligence, Developer Tools / Platforms, E-Commerce Solutions, E-Payment Solutions, Education & Training, Enterprise Software / Operating Systems, Payment Gateways, POS Machines & Payment Solutions, Artificial Intelligence, Audio, Pod Casts & Video Marketing, Brand Safety, Branding & Design, Chatbots & RPA, Content Creation, Content Marketing, Creativity & Design, Customer Relationship & Experience Management - CRM & CEM, Data Analytics, Digital Marketing, Email Marketing, Media Publishing, Performance Marketing, Personalization, Social Media Management & Monitoring, UX & UI Our company specializes in 360° AI-Driven Marketing Solutions  leveraging the latest in artificial intelligence to deliver a suite of comprehensive digital marketing services tailored to maximize return on investment (ROI). With a keen focus on innovation  we provide expert web design and development  ensuring that your online presence is not only visually appealing but also optimized for search engines. Our advanced AI solutions extend to sophisticated chatbots that enhance user engagement  personalized content that resonates with your target audience  and predictive analytics to forecast trends and consumer behavior. By partnering with us  you gain access to cutting-edge technology and a commitment to excellence in customer service  all designed to drive your business forward in the digital age. Let's collaborate to transform your marketing strategy and achieve exceptional results."
Rawmart No categories available For Construction & Finishing Retailers   Contracting Companies and Freelance Engineers. who suffer from the wasted time and hustle on pricing   sourcing products   tracking their procurements and complex payment terms. Rawmart facilitates and help its customers to manage sourcing  paying and financing their business procurements in one single digital platform.
RealtyGenius.ae No categories available Realty Genius is a groundbreaking startup tailored specifically for real estate brokers  empowering them to establish and elevate their agencies with unparalleled ease. Our comprehensive toolbox encompasses a suite of AI-powered tools designed to enhance every facet of their services. From streamlining administrative tasks to optimizing client interactions  Realty Genius equips brokers with the cutting-edge technology needed to thrive in today's competitive market. With our innovative solutions  brokers can unlock new levels of efficiency and effectiveness  propelling their agencies to unprecedented success.
"Reasy Digital Finance, Regulatory Technology, Blockchain, Decentralised Finance, Payments / Wallets / Exchange Gateways, Intelligent Supply Chain, Card Service Card, Core Banking Solutions, E-KYC, E-Wallets, Lending / P2P Lending, Payment Gateways, RegTech / Audit / Regulatory Compliance REasy is a fintech in the cross-border sector  helping SMEs in French-speaking Africa to easily pay their Asian suppliers. We are developing a robust technological and regulatory infrastructure enabling our customers to pay their international suppliers in 3 clicks via a mobile application. Our platform is operational in Cameroon  where we already support several thousand SMEs. Our value proposition to our customers is threefold: speed  transparency and low cost. Our teams are based in France  Cameroon and China (Shanghai)."
Recital Finance No categories available We help companies of any size  manage and scale their financial operations with Liquidity Management  automated reconciliation  centralized banking reporting  chargeback recovery  transaction monitoring  and accounting for every fund flow. Recital simplifies and empowers finance teams operating at scale - Recital is an automated finance operations OS that enables finance teams to effortlessly manage high-volume or complex finance operations.
"RED INNOV Smart Cities, PropTech, Media, Marketing & Advertising Tech, Ecommerce, Blockchain, Training / Recruitment, Training / Recruitment, Digital Marketing, Digital Marketing, Building Services, Management & Consulting RED INNOV  une société novatrice rassemblant diverses entités et solutions axées sur le numérique  l’intelligence artificielle et les dernières technologies. Parmi nos marques  vous trouverez RED TIC  spécialisée dans le conseil et le recrutement en IT et en management  ainsi que RED 360  une agence de communication digitale à 360 degrés. RED WAN propose une solution avant-gardiste en matière de SD-WAN  tandis que RED EDU se consacre à fournir des solutions pour le secteur de l’éducation. Enfin  RED HEALTH concentre ses efforts sur la santé et la sécurité. L’ensemble de ces solutions forme RED INNOV  une plateforme d’innovation complète. Explorez comment nous repoussons les limites de l’industrie et façonnons l’avenir de la technologie."
Reda NAOR - Securesign No categories available Basée à Casablanca et pouvant opérer sur l'ensemble du territoire du Royaume du   ainsi qu’en Afrique  SecureSign est une startup qui a pour objet d’exécuter des prestations de services de confiance consistant à : • La création et l’usage de signatures électroniques  de cachets électroniques  d’horodatage électronique ou des services d’envoi recommandé électronique. • La création et l’usage des certificats relatifs aux signatures électroniques  aux cachets électroniques  à l’horodatage électronique ou à l’authentification des sites internet. • La validation de signatures électroniques ou des cachets électroniques. • La création et l’usage de dispositifs sécurisés de courriels électroniques recommandés avec accusé de réception. • La vérification de l’authenticité des sites internet  des noms de domaine  et des adresses de courriels électroniques. • La conservation de signatures électroniques  de cachets électroniques ou de certificats relatifs à ces services.
"Redian Software Limited Digital Finance, Software Services, Education Tech, Cloud Services, Coding and Development, Customer Relationship Management - CRM, Managed Service Provider - MSP, Open Source, Outsource Development, Recruitment, Backend Development, Frontend Development, Web Development, Banking Solutions, Core Banking Solutions, Digital Lending, Insurance Solutions, InsureTech, Talent and human capital management, CRM (Customer Relationship Management) Software, ERP (Enterprise Resource Planning) Software, Finance & Accounting Software, Mobile Applications Redian Software  a prestigious software development company  specializes in providing innovative technology solutions for the Banking  Financial Services  Insurance  and Energy industries. Our extensive range of services includes Core Banking  Agency Banking  Loan Management  Loan Origination  Insurance Distribution System  Insurance Aggregator System  Insurance Agency/Broker System  Energy Meter Indexing  Meter Reading  Field Services Software  and CRM Solution With our headquarters located in Noida  India  we have successfully expanded our operations to the Middle East  Africa  North America  and Europe. We have established offices in Dubai  Nairobi  Atlanta  and Walsall As proud partners of Zoho and Zuper  we offer state-of-the-art cloud-based solutions for both small and medium-sized businesses  as well as large enterprises worldwide. In addition to this  we also provide Managed Services & Outsourcing  IT Consulting  and Custom Software Development"
Redington Gulf FZE No categories available Redington was ranked as one of the top 10 distributors globally by renowned research firm Canalys and projected to be one of the fastest-growing distributors in the world. Redington is the largest distributor of IT products in the Middle East  Turkey  and Africa (META) region. Its business model is purely channel-oriented and empowering channel partners with technology through joint engagement at the core. The META business has four business units – Technology Solutions Group  Cloud Solutions Group  Endpoint Solutions Group and Mobility Solutions Group. The solutions span across technology domains such as Networking  Voice  Servers  Storage  Software  Mobility  Endpoints  Security and Infrastructure and emerging technology brackets such as Hyper convergence  Cloud Computing  Artificial Intelligence  Big Data Analytics. Redington continues to be a pioneer in understanding  helping  and assisting partners and customers to digitally transform themselves by leveraging Cloud technologies.
"RegulX Big Data & Analytics, AgriTech & FoodTech, Data Management, Analytics as a service, Artificial Intelligence, Dashboard, Data Analytics, Data Governance, Compliance & Security, Data Management, Data Science, Digital Transformation, Real-Time Analytics RegulX is the Regtech partner of global telecom regulators and manufacturers. Formerly known as RealTime  RegulX has strategically expanded its focus. While continuing to offer essential local representative solution for manufacturers  RegulX is augmenting its offerings with innovative data solutions tailored specifically to create smart telecom regulatory frameworks with a focus on digital transformation. By integrating Machine learning and AI data solutions into its portfolio  RegulX is poised to empower regulators and manufacturers with the tools they need to navigate the complexities of the telecom compliance landscape effectively."
Relab.ma No categories available We have developed an online estimation tool to value high tech devices. We give them a second life and sell them with the same advantages as new products. The New smartphone market is getting pricier every year and the second hand market lack of trust (counterfeited products  no prior diagnostic  no invoices..). We offer a solution of valorisation and buy back to official resellers such as Uno.ma and Virgin Megastore and other partners. After an instant estimation with 60 000 possiblities  our customers can be paid in cash  deffered payment or pay the difference with a refurbished device. All our products have 50 points advanced diagnostic check  6 months minimum warranty  12 months free financing and legal invoicing.
"Renda Africa Future Mobility & Transportation, Ecommerce, AgriTech & FoodTech, Supply Chain Management, eLogistics, Supply Chain Solutions, Fleet & Logistics Solutions Renda is a technology solution that aggregates and provides access to the end-to-end infrastructure that optimizes order fulfillment and enables businesses to scale seamlessly and efficiently across Africa. With our solution  businesses can access flexible storage  monitor and manage their inventory  process and fulfill orders  manage deliveries and returns and receive and reconcile cash on delivery in real time. The Renda 360 platform provides access to important features such as end-to-end ?live Tracking  data analytics & reporting  API Integration  e-commerce Integration  multiple Payment Options  AI-powered chatbot and many more. Using an asset light model  we have built a large and robust partnership network which includes 300+ warehousing partners  3000+ delivery partners and 2000+ cash collection partners  enabling local and international businesses easily expand across the continent."
"RENPHO HealthTech, Consumer Tech, Smart Home & Smart Workplace, Healthcare Electronics, Home Appliances, Leisure, Health & Lifestyle Wearables, Personal Care Applicances, Dealers and Distributors Healthcare, Government, Healthcare Consultancy Service, Medical Facilities, Other Business MAFCO Health Care LLC is a medical and wellness product distributor established in 2020 which is located in International City  Dubai  UAE."
REPS CORPORATE No categories available reps
RESI Informatica S.p.A. No categories available RESI S.p.A. is a technology partner to leading Service Providers  preserving and enhancing their most important asset: the network. RESI S.p.A. is dedicated to the evolution of AI-driven for Mobile  IP data  legacy voice and IoT network growth models. With ongoing investments in research and development  we ensure superior end-user experiences globally  specializing in 5G and 4G quality of experience  providing disruptive verrical modules for core network and international roaming. Our expertise is underscored by robust engineering and bespoke Service Assurance solutions  leveraging proprietary Deep Packet Inspection technology. Committed to innovation  RESI S.p.A. remains at the forefront of ICT solutions  delivering tailored services to meet evolving industry demands with unparalleled quality and reliability.
"ResQ Health Africa HealthTech, Healthcare IT ResQ Health Africa is a platform designed to simplify and streamline the healthcare experience for individuals across Africa. Our service acts as a personal healthcare navigator  providing immediate and accessible support to help users make informed decisions about their health. We offer a range of services to meet various healthcare needs  starting with our free first responder support that provides immediate assistance to individuals facing health-related issues. Our platform also offers health consultations with qualified medical professionals  appointment bookings for hospital visits and specialist consultations  virtual health support to guide users in choosing the right healthcare facility for their needs  and pharmacy services including medication sales and scheduled drug refills."
"REST ERP Software Services, Application integration and infrastructure, Business Intelligence Solutions, Business Process Management, CRM (Customer Relationship Management) Software, Data Analytics & Automation, Digital Imaging, ERP (Enterprise Resource Planning) Software, Finance & Accounting Software, HR Tech, Mobile Applications, Mobility Enterprise Solutions, Procurement Software, VOIP Solutions REST ERP At Rest ERP  we understand the challenges businesses face when it comes to managing their operations efficiently. That's why we have developed a comprehensive Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) solution tailored specifically to meet your needs. 2023 Our Rest ERP software is designed to integrate and streamline your key business processes  providing you with the tools and insights necessary to make informed decisions and drive growth. Whether you're a small startup or a large enterprise  Rest ERP can help you optimize your operations  increase productivity  and maximize profitability."
"Revizto Smart Manufacturing, Smart Cities, Internet of Things (IOT), Education Tech, Cloud Services, Cloud Management Platform, DevOps, Software as a Service - SaaS, Collaborative learning and technology, Immersive technologies - Virtual, Augmented, Mixed Realities - VR, AR, MR, Cloud Services, Virtual Reality, Architecture - Design & Planning, Building Services, Management & Consulting, Building Technology & Innovation, Facilities Management, Digital Twin & Simulation, Virtual Reality / Augmented Reality Revizto is the industry-leading Integrated Collaboration Platform (ICP) used by Architects  Engineers  Contractors and Owners to maximize workflows throughout the project lifecycle. The tool empowers teams to drive accountability  mitigate risks  improve timelines and maximize cost-savings by enabling real-time collaboration across platforms  model types and teams  from in-office  on-site  and any device. Revizto enables teams to take a proactive approach to issues and clash management by identifying them weeks and months before they would have been built on-site. Revizto is now leveraged on 20 000 projects by over 3 000 firms globally including 20 of the top 25 ENR firms."
"Rhea AgriTech & FoodTech, Adaptive Irrigation, Agri-Data and Analytics, Climate-Smart Agriculture, IoT, Precision Agriculture, Soil Plant Health At Rhea Africa  our vision is to continuously design and develop AgTech solutions that are affordable  intelligible  and of high quality for the average farmer  thereby aiding in achieving sustainable food production.Our mission at Rhea Africa is to create 'Soil management solutions' that empower farmers to utilize fertilizers sustainably  maximizing their yield while concurrently safeguarding the environment. our products and services include: Soil testing as a service using an agent system - Affordable  convenient  and fast soil analysis on-site and in real-time. Rhea agripad sale and subscription on fertiliser recommendation software. Why Rhea? Affordable  real-Time Analysis backed by a team of soil science experts and agricultural professionals. Committed to increasing production yield by 30%  reducing GHG emissions by 25% through the right use of nitrogenous fertilizer. 16 months old  post revenue in Beta prototype phase with customers and partnerships in Kenya and Tanzania."
"Ribatis Digital Finance, Software Services, Smart Cities, 3D Printing & Printing Services, Digitization / services / tool and die making - Digitization and software, Urban Planning Developers, Consultancy & Project Management, Cloud Solutions - Private and Public, Business Intelligence Solutions, Business Process Management, Data Analytics & Automation, Finance & Accounting Software, HR Tech Ribatis  a leading provider of e-Gov digital platforms since 2007  serves more than 1 500 national and local governments across Africa. Our portfolio of five innovative digital platforms has revolutionised public administration. We are now broadening our scope to offer customised solutions for enterprises  driving efficiency and transformation across all sectors."
"Ricoh Software Services, Education Tech, Cyber security, Consumer Tech, Smart Home & Smart Workplace, Communication Equipment, Office Automation & Equipment, Printing Solutions, Digital Imaging Equipment, Endpoint Protection & Mobile Security, Intrusion Detection & Penetration Testing, Ransomware, Interactive Boards / Touch Panels, Business Process Management Our founder  Kiyoshi Ichimura  was a remarkable visionary who championed a responsible  progressive and people-first approach to doing business. He recognised the importance of embracing human potential to create a better future for our people and planet. Over the decades  our company has gone from strength to strength  with several world firsts in workplace innovation. Some of our defining moments include developing the world’s top-selling copier  introducing the first high-speed facsimile  launching the RICOH Theta – the world’s first imaging device that captures fully spherical views – and pioneering a circular economy model  the Comet Circle™. We’re proud of our reputation as a market-leading hardware manufacturer and  as our customers’ needs continue to evolve  so has our business. In recent years  we have been transforming and diversifying as a leading partner of choice in workplace experience and process automation  with global recognition from experts across our industry."
"RIFL Biometrics Software Services, Retail Tech, Networking & Infrastructure, Cyber security, Cloud Services, Digitization / services / tool and die making - Digitization and software, Authentication User, Biometric Authentication and PKI, Security Credentials, Software Development Security, Consulting System & Integration Services, Enterprise Software Application, Fraud Prevention & Loss - CCTV, Software as a Service - SaaS, Application integration and infrastructure, Business Intelligence Solutions, CRM (Customer Relationship Management) Software, HR Tech, Mobility Enterprise Solutions RIFL  a French company specialized in security technologies  biometric identification  and RFID chips  markets high-value-added solutions in the fields of access control  intelligent video surveillance  and time and attendance management. Founded in   in 2006  RIFL Biometrics aims to expand its presence across Africa  which has become an essential market for security technologies and human resources management applications."
Riverbed - StarLink No categories available Riverbed is the only company with the collective richness of telemetry from network to app to end user  that illuminates and then accelerates every interaction  so organizations can deliver a seamless digital experience and drive enterprise performance. Riverbed offers two industry-leading portfolios: Alluvio by Riverbed  a differentiated Unified Observability portfolio that unifies data  insights  and actions across IT  so customers can deliver seamless  secure digital experiences; and Riverbed Acceleration  providing fast  agile  secure acceleration of any app  over any network  to users anywhere. Together with our thousands of partners  and market-leading customers globally – including 95% of the FORTUNE 100 –  we empower every click  every digital experience. Riverbed. Empower the Experience. Learn more at riverbed.com
Rizeware Solutions No categories available Rizeware Solutions is a software development and consultancy services company. Our objective is to drive our clients’ success through innovative and well-designed technology solutions. Based in the United States with clients around the globe  we are positioned to support clients and partners worldwide. The team at Rizeware Solutions are experts in information technologies  specializing in software design and development. With over 20 years of experience working with clients and partners on projects of all sizes  we have extensive experience in all phases of the development process—from concept to delivery. We have successfully delivered on projects from creating custom applications that solve specific needs to designing and building commercial software products for companies to bring to market.
"ROBOBAT Software Services, Application integration and infrastructure Robobat  le spécialiste de l’informatique CAO  DAO  de la construction et de l’industrie  est la réponse à vos besoins en matière de calcul et de réalisation grâce à une gamme complète de solutions s’appuyant sur une importante capacité de conception et sur un ensemble de services au niveau national et international. Robobat s’impose comme le partenaire naturel des entreprises travaillant dans les principaux domaines des infrastructures et du bâtiment ou même dans les secteurs industriels au   et dans toute l’Afrique Francophone."
"rockspace Retail Tech, Mobile Accessories & Peripherals, Media, Marketing & Advertising Tech, Consumer Tech, Smart Home & Smart Workplace, Digitization / services / tool and die making - Industrial Tool and Die Making, Solutions for surface treatment - Dyeing, Electronic Equipment & Instruments (Barcode Readers, POS Machines, Etc), Office Automation & Equipment, Printing Solutions, Personalization, Accessories - Cases & Covers, Accessories - Tempered glasses, E-commerce & M-commerce - Mobile Store & Warehouse Solutions DISROCK stands as a pioneering force in   distribution  seamlessly reaching over 1000 retail destinations nationwide. Our mission? To introduce an array of cutting-edge products that redefine the standards of smartphone accessories. At the heart of our innovation lies the ""Smart Cutting Mini Machine"" a revolutionary tool setting industry benchmarks with its precision-cutting of Hydrogel Protection Films  tailored to fit every screen size and shape. Main activities : ? Exclusive distribution of the ROCKSPACE brand in   ? Smart Cutting Mini machine ? Hydrogel Protective Films ? Event Animation: Offering customization of all digital devices with any brand. ? Fleet protection for all companies' digital devices."
"RONGTA TRADE Retail Tech, Payments - POS Payments, Payments - Smart Cards & Readers, Store Operations - Labelling & Ticketing Software, Store Operations - Scanners/ Hand-Held Terminals, Supply Chain & Logistics - Delivery & Returns, inc. Final Mile Rongta Technology (Xiamen) Group Co.  Ltd. is a high-tech enterprise established in Jan 1st  2009  specializing in R&D  manufacturing and marketing of pos printers  receipt printers  label scales  thermal transfer barcode printers  impact printers  printer mechanism  control boards and other POS peripherals. We have been concentrating on the Receipt Printing Industry ever since our establishment. After years of development and technology accumulation  many of our researched and designed printing equipment have won recognition and favor from our domestic and foreign customers. The products are widely used in finance  tax control  fire control system  medical institution  instrument  shopping mall  taxi  logistics  restaurant chain and supermarket  etc. We have successfully developed a wide range of products with great applications."
"ROYAL AIR MAROC Incubator/Accelerator/Investment, Ecommerce, Artificial Intelligence, Predictive APIs, eCommerce Software, Web App, Design and Development As the flagship carrier of the   pavilion in the field of air transport  Royal Air   is a leading airline on the continent. As a member of the prestigious Oneworld alliance  it boasts a young fleet of around fifty aircraft  connecting the main airports of   to over 80 airports worldwide. Leveraging  's geographical position as a hub between Europe  the Americas  and Africa  Royal Air   positions itself as an essential air connection platform between our continent and the rest of the world. Through its RAM Digital Open Innovation Program  Royal Air   aims to develop innovative products and services to serve its internal and external customers. This is an approach aimed at promoting frugal innovation and accelerating the digital transformation of the company. By collaborating with external partners  Royal Air   seeks to remain at the forefront of the airline industry by discovering innovative solutions to sector challenges."
"ROYALE MAROCAINE D'ASSURANCE Digital Finance, Insurance Solutions, InsureTech Forte de plus de 70 ans d’existence sur le marché  Royale  aine d’Assurance  filiale de O’Capital est un acteur de référence des métiers de l’assurance  co-leader de son secteur. Assureur généraliste  RMA emploie plus de 1000 collaborateurs qui mettent leur expertise au service de la satisfaction de milliers d’assurés au quotidien  dans l’accomplissement de leurs projets personnels  professionnels."
Ruckus Networks No categories available RUCKUS Networks builds and delivers purpose-driven networks that perform in the tough  unique environments of the industries we serve.?Leveraging network assurance and enterprise-wide automation driven by AI and machine learning (ML)  we empower our customers to deliver exceptional experiences for every employee  guest  customer  student and resident who counts on those networks to connect with their digital lives.
"RUNNME Incubator/Accelerator/Investment, Smart Cities, Retail Tech, Future Mobility & Transportation, Ecommerce, eLogistics, Supply Chain Solutions, Telecoms & Mobility, Web App, Design and Development, Connected Mobility Solutions, Fleet & Logistics Solutions, Fleet Management, Intelligent Transportation Solutions (ITS), Last Mile, Revenue Management, V-Commerce & Dealer Commerce, E-commerce & M-commerce - Click & Collect Solutions, E-commerce & M-commerce - Digital Shopper Analytics & Engagement, E-commerce & M-commerce - E-Commerce Platforms, E-commerce & M-commerce - Social Commerce, E-commerce & M-commerce - User Experience & UX Design, Payments - Cash Management, Supply Chain & Logistics - Delivery & Returns, inc. Final Mile, Sustainable Technology, Mobility & Transport, PV Tracking Systems, Smart Services, Transport Infrastructure We are Elite Sports 17 S.L.  a Valencian company of Australian capital dedicated to the world of development and investment in different facets of the business field such as technology  health  sports and other areas (www.elitesports17.com ). We are experts in custom software development  digitization & AI  product and CAD design. We create products through combining UI/UX design and software engineering expertise with our multi-disciplinary teams which enables continuity between product strategies and seamless development. In this occasion we want to present RUNNME  a revolutionary transport platform that allows the customer to get free quotes online and select a transporter based on reviews and a price that suits their budget. We do instant matching between transporters and customers with immediate deliveries in less than 60 minutes."
Rwetech Farmers Co-operative Society No categories available RWETECH Cooperative is a community-based agricultural cooperative with a mission to produce high-quality blended cassava flour and plain cassava flour. The cooperative aims to leverage the abundance of cassava in the region and create a sustainable business model that benefits both its members and the local community especially rural cassava small householder farmers targeting youths and women. registered members who have paid up their fees are the owners of the society. Currently registered members are over 700 who are very active co-operators..
"S1lkPay Digital Finance, Banking Solutions, Card Issuance and Management, Card Service Card, Core Banking Solutions, Digital Payment, E-Commerce Solutions, E-Payment Solutions, Open Banking / API, Payment Gateways, Payments / Wallets / Exchange Gateways, POS Machines & Payment Solutions, Transactional Platforms S1lkpay is a peer-to-peer service for sharing cards  allowing users to share money without transferring cash  whether domestically or internationally — easily  instantly and affordably. A cardholder can instantly share a set prepaid  credit and debit card balance by issuing a new digital card/token and sending it to the recipient  who can instantly use it offline and online. Globally  about 1.7 billion adults remain unbanked. We believe those people deserve to be included in the world of financial system. S1lkpay solution helps them immensely. S1lkpay offers financial freedom to foreign nationals  expats  freelancers and the unbanked. You can get access to banking services with one click. Just download S1lkpay and start sharing or requesting money anywhere  anytime."
"Sabi Africa Digital Finance, Retail Tech, Networking & Infrastructure, Ecommerce, AgriTech & FoodTech, Supply Chain Management, E-Commerce Solutions, E-Payment Solutions, E-Wallets, Lending / P2P Lending, Payment Gateways, Transactional Platforms, eCommerce Software, eLogistics, ERP / Business Management, Platforms, Supply Chain Solutions, Consulting System & Integration Services, Operating Systems, Customer Experience & Retention - CRM Systems, Data & Analytics - Data Warehouse/Decision Support Sabi is Africa’s leading provider of enabling digital infrastructure powering the sourcing and distribution of physical goods and commodities. It serves two distinct customer bases with overlapping services - domestic wholesale and retail merchants within key African countries and international buyers of African commodities with a focus on Asia  Europe  and the USA."
"Sage MR Digital Finance, Software Services, Regulatory Technology, Cloud Services, Big Data & Analytics, Analytics as a service, Artificial Intelligence, Cloud Solutions, Analytics, Big Data & Analytics, Cloud Management & Optimisation, Customer Relationship Management - CRM, Cybersecurity, Enterprise Resource Planning - ERP, Governance & Compliance, Private Cloud, Professional Services, Software as a Service - SaaS, Cloud Solutions - Private and Public, Enterprise Software / Operating Systems, Taxation Solutions, Application integration and infrastructure, Business Intelligence Solutions, Business Process Management, CRM (Customer Relationship Management) Software, Data Analytics & Automation, ERP (Enterprise Resource Planning) Software, Finance & Accounting Software, HR Tech, Mobile Applications, Mobility Enterprise Solutions, Procurement Software Sage exists to knock down barriers so everyone can thrive  starting with the millions of small and medium-sized businesses served by us  our partners and accountants. Customers trust our finance  HR and payroll software to make work and money flow. By digitising business processes and relationships with customers  suppliers  employees  banks and governments  our digital network connects SMBs  removing friction and delivering insights."
Salesforce & NBS Consulting No categories available Salesforce is a cloud-based CRM software that centralizes customer data on one platform  enhancing interactions with prospects and customers. Its Einstein1 suite integrates sales  service  marketing  commerce  and IT  providing a unified customer view. AI integration boosts productivity and personalizes experiences by improving communication and automating tasks. Salesforce's CRM+AI+DATA+TRUST formula leverages trusted AI technology to drive significant business results. NBS Consulting  a leader in digital transformation  is Africa's top Salesforce implementation partner. Specializing in consulting  implementation  and maintenance of Salesforce solutions  NBS enhances customer experiences from marketing to post-sales. With a team of over 40 experts  NBS has completed numerous projects across all sectors in Africa and Europe. Committed to excellence and innovation  NBS delivers tailored solutions and comprehensive training to exceed client expectations and drive growth.
SAMSUNG No categories available Samsung inspires the world and shapes the future with transformative ideas and technologies. The company is redefining the worlds of TVs  smartphones  wearable devices  tablets  home appliances  network systems  and memory  system LSI  foundry and LED solutions  and delivering a seamless connected experience through its SmartThings ecosystem and open collaboration with partners.
San3a No categories available Overview San3a is a platform dedicated to commercializing   craftsmanship on a global scale. Our mission is to provide   artisans with market access and to offer consumers worldwide access to unique  personalized artisanal goods. Core Values At San3a  we prioritize authenticity  ensuring that each product reflects the true essence of   craftsmanship. We empower artisans by providing them with a platform to expand their economic opportunities. Additionally  we leverage cutting-edge technologies such as 3D visualization and personalization to enhance the online shopping experience. Key Features Our platform offers customizable products  enabling customers to tailor their purchases to suit their preferences and artisans to reach customers worldwide. Moreover  the platform provides 3D visualization technologies to allow customers to view products from every angle. We provide ongoing support and guidance to artisans including marketing assistance and training programs.
SanaMed No categories available Introducing SanaMed  your ultimate healthcare companion powered by state-of-the-art genAI technology. Your life will be transformed from the chaos of managing digital medical records to seamless organization  lightning-fast access  and enhanced data quality. With SanaMed  physicians gain instant access to vital patient information  real-time status updates  and AI-generated comprehensive health records. It's not just a tool; it's a revolution in healthcare management  streamlining workflows  improving patient care  and saving valuable time with every click. Embrace the future of healthcare with SanaMed – where efficiency meets excellence.
Sand to Green No categories available Our innovative technical models integrate solar-powered desalination and intelligent agroforestry designs  supported by advanced  data-driven software to optimize diverse plantations. This method helps farmers tackle challenges like drought and low productivity head-on  enables miners to rehabilitate degraded sites  and allows energy producers to maximize land use efficiently. Stakeholders gain financially from the sale of premium carbon credits and agricultural products  ensuring operations are profitable and revenue streams are robust. Our approach is designed to be both profitable and sustainable  with a strong emphasis on community engagement. By fostering training and greater inclusion for local stakeholders  we help our clients develop a synergistic relationship with their surrounding communities. With proven success in national and international markets  we specialize in the design  construction  operation  and monitoring of smart agroforestry projects in diverse landscapes.
"SANGFOR TECHNOLOGIES Networking & Infrastructure, Cyber security, Cloud Services, Cloud Management & Optimisation, Cloud Management Platform, Cybersecurity, Hybrid, Infrastructure as a Service - IaaS, Secure Access Service Edge - SASE, Storage, Internet of Things (IoT) Security, Ransomware, Firewalls, Gateways Sangfor Technologies is a leading global vendor of IT infrastructure solutions  specializing in Cloud Computing & Network Security with a wide range of products & services including Hyper-Converged Infrastructure  Virtual Desktop Infrastructure  Next-Generation Firewall  Internet Access Management  Endpoint Protection  Ransomware Protection  Managed Detection and Response  WAN Optimization  SD-WAN  and many others. Sangfor takes customers’ business needs and user experience seriously  placing them at the heart of our corporate strategy. Constant innovation and commitment to creating value for our customers help them achieve sustainable growth. Established in 2000  Sangfor currently has 9 500 + employees with more than 60 branch offices globally in exciting locations like Hong Kong  Malaysia  Thailand  Indonesia  Singapore  Philippines  Vietnam  Myanmar  Pakistan  UAE  Italy  and the USA."
Sanyuan No categories available Hangzhou Sanyuan Cable Co.  Ltd. was established in 1996. Located in Hangzhou city. We have been manufacturing data cables & control cables and coaxial cables for more than 28 years. We have invested over 14 million U S dollars with a plant area of more than 25 000 square meters. In order to supply the satisfactory products and service  we have built modern quality management system which is in strict accordance with international standards. We have performance testing equipment  our lab is capable of doing professional cable testing and R&D new products. We are certified by ISO 9001 Quality System  and we have ETL  CPR  Anatel  CE  RoHS  Reach etc. Our company has 11 QC inspectors  3 engineers in Engineering Department  4 employees in Financial Department  73 workers in production lines  and over 13 employees in other 4 departments. Sanyuan encourages a high-performance culture and foster a keen sense of ownership amongst our team to promote our values: Respect  Transparency  Loyalty.
SAP North & West Africa No categories available As?a global leader in enterprise applications and business AI  SAP (NYSE:SAP)?stands at the?nexus?of business and technology. For over 50 years  organizations have trusted SAP?to bring out their best by uniting business-critical?operations spanning finance  procurement  HR  supply chain  and customer experience. For more information  visit?www.sap.com.
"Saral Consumer Tech, Smart Home & Smart Workplace, Computer and Mobile Hardware, Storage & Peripherals, Office Automation & Equipment, Printing Solutions Saral was established in 2016 and located in ?stanbul  Türkiye. Our company specialized in printing technologies  copiers  printers and office equipment."
Saturdayz No categories available Saturdayz is a tech company specializing in an intuitive and affordable restaurant reservation system designed to streamline operations  enhance efficiency  and boost customer loyalty for restaurants in emerging markets. Key Products and Services: Reservation System: A platform that automates the booking process with an interactive floor plan  that allows for manual entries of phone bookings and attachments for easy accounting. CRM Features: We automatically store customer information and booking history  enabling targeted marketing through data exports. Saturdayz Pro App: Enables restaurant managers to monitor operations remotely  receive instant booking notifications  and facilitate operations for larger teams. External Booking Links: We enable restaurants to integrate booking links into their websites and Instagram profiles  facilitating direct reservations via Google and Google Maps  while also reducing no-shows through confirmation emails and easy cancellation options.
"Saudi Export Development Authority - SEDA Big Data & Analytics, Artificial Intelligence, AgriTech & FoodTech, 5G & Telecommunications, 3D Printing & Printing Services, Design & Product Development - 3D Mapping, Design & Product Development - Optimization Services, Digitization / services / tool and die making - Prototyping, Quality Management / Metrology - Sensors and actuators, Solutions for additive manufacturing - Sheet lamination, Solutions for component processing - Milling, Turning, Grinding, Billing / OSS / BSS, Data Centres, Agri-Data and Analytics, Aquaculture & Algae, Aquaponics, AI-optimized Hardware, Content Creation, Artificial Intelligence No description available"
"SCHNEIDER Energy Tech, Data Centres, Consumer Tech, Smart Home & Smart Workplace, Cloud Services, 5G & Telecommunications, Data Centres, Telecommunication Integration & Equipment Services, Cloud Management Platform, Cloud Service Provider - CSP, Colocation, Hosting, Hyperscale Provider, IT Service Management - ITSM, Private Cloud, Public Cloud, Telecommunication, Automation & IoT, Cabinets and Enclosures, Cabling, Co-location, Connectivity, Critical Power, Data Analytics & Automation, Data Building & Verification, Data Centre Infrastructure Management, Data Centre Next Generation, Facilities Management, Innovation Data Centre Design, Micro Data Centres, Power Distribution, Power Generation, Power Management, Renewable Energy, Security - Physical, Uninterrupted Power Supply, Smart Grids, Analyst, Analytics, Applications including Development, Deployment & Design, Big Data & Analytics, Cloud Management & Optimisation, Consultancy, Cost Management & Optimisation, Data as a Service - DAAS, Monitoring, Professional Services, Software as a Service - SaaS, Software Defined Networking - SDN, Storage, Training or Recruitement, Healthcare Electronics, Home Appliances, Smart Security, Computational Fluid Dynamics, Consultancy, Cooling, Data Management Solutions, Data Warehousing, DC Life Cycle Analysis, Edge Solutions, Energy Efficiency, Fire Prevention, Heating & Ventilation, Security - Data & Virtual, Servers & Hardware, Training, Carbon Management & Storage - CSS, Energy Storage Services, Oil & Gas, Solar Energy, Waste to Energy Our mission is to be your digital partner for Sustainability and Efficiency.? We drive digital transformation by integrating world-leading process and energy technologies  end-point to cloud connecting products  controls  software  and services  across the entire lifecycle  enabling integrated company management  for homes  buildings  data centers  infrastructure  and industries.? We are the most local of global companies. We are advocates of open standards and partnership ecosystems that are passionate about our shared Meaningful Purpose  Inclusive  and Empowered values. We optimize your energy consumption  maintain a healthy and productive environment  update aging facilities  and connect to your integrated energy management solutions anytime  anywhere."
Schoola Ltd No categories available Schoola is a company that is paving the way for the future of education technology in Africa. Our platforms utilizes advanced technologies to enhance learning  particularly through its Foundational Literacy and Numeracy (FLN) program  which includes gamification to boost engagement among primary and secondary school students. Schoola also provides educators with tools that make learning more interactive  fun  and engaging.
Schoolify No categories available Logiciel de gestion établissement scolaire facile à utiliser…Schoolify permet aux administrations des écoles de gérer l’ensemble des services de l’école en ligne via sa plateforme scolaire elle permet aussi de suivre les dossiers des élèves  de rester en contact permanant avec les parents via une application mobile intuitive connectée au logiciel scolaire web en temps réel. Schoolify est un progiciel de gestion et suivi pour l’administration des établissements scolaires et leurs élèves  c’est une solution simple  performante et intuitive capable de gérer l’ensemble des processus de la vie scolaire. Schoolify est un véritable outil de travail performant qui offre les outils et les fonctionnalités nécessaires pour une bonne gestion totale de vos démarches quotidiennes  une application se suivi scolaire pour les parents  les élèves et les professeurs  une application de géolocalisation de transport scolaire en temps réel avec un système de notification instantanée.
"Schoolinka Limited Education Tech, Assessment and testing, Blended learning, Certification & Licensing, Coaching and mentoring, Content development and design, Learning management infrastructure, methods and systems, Learning strategy, Talent and human capital management, Training centre resources, Video for learning Schoolinka is an Edtech company solving the problem of poor teaching quality by powering the continuous professional development and job placements of K-12 teachers in Africa. Using AI  Schoolinka matches teachers with professional development resources tailored to their specific skill gaps and places these teachers in school and tutoring jobs that fit their skill levels. The Schoolinka platform serves as a connecting port for teachers  schools  parents  and professional development resources. ?Our platform features a robust LMS that hosts our online courses  training materials  and resources. Teachers can access these resources at their convenience  enabling them to enhance their skills and knowledge. We also have a job board where schools can post vacancies and teachers can apply for positions. The job board is integrated with our LMS  allowing schools to identify candidates with specific skills and qualifications."
"Schoolvoice Education Tech, Smart Cities, Artificial Intelligence & IOT, EdTech & Smart Classroom Solution, Education Technology Solutions Schoolvoice is an interactive communication and engagement platform designed to enhance the interaction between schools and parents. It serves as a bridge to foster seamless and effective communication. Schoolvoice is meticulously designed around the user experience of both parents and schools  taking into account the challenges both parties often encounter with existing school communication systems. This thoughtful design approach ensures a simple  intuitive interface that is easily navigable  regardless of a parent's age or technical background. The platform features distinct  clear calls to action messages  making it user-friendly and encouraging seamless communication and instant feedback. Consequently  this leads to increased parent engagement and smoother communication  providing schools with a more efficient and effective way to achieve their communication objectives."
"SCOMM Networking & Infrastructure, Data Centres, Cyber security, Cloud Services, 5G & Telecommunications, Broadband Services, Cabling, Converged / Unified Communications, Data Centres, Geospatial Solutions & Services, IP Communications & Applications, Military Communication Equipment & Services, PABX Equipment & Services, Satellite & Distribution, Telecommunication Integration & Equipment Services, Video, Wireless, Platform as a Service - PaaS, Unified Communications, Virtualization, Anti-spam, Anti-Malware & Anti-Virus & Email Security, Application integration and infrastructure, Cloud Security, Endpoint Protection & Mobile Security, Network & Infrastructure Security, Ransomware, Telecommunication & Network Security, Cabinets and Enclosures, Cabling, Security - Data & Virtual, Servers & Hardware, Consulting System & Integration Services, Firewalls, Gateways, Hubs, Load Balancers, Monitoring & Management Tools, Physical Servers, Repeaters, Routers, Switches, Telecommunication Platforms SICOTEL communications delivers since 2004  best- in-class ICT solutions to broad base of customers in telecommunications  hospitality  government  defense  education  commerce and utilities sectors. We provide multiple solutions that allow our clients to solve their data connectivity & security problems and improve their business performance: - Broadband connectivity solutions : VSAT  PTP&PMP  microwave links - WiFi & captive portals - Cloud & cybersecurity solutions - Telephony & video conferencing - IOT solutions Although we remain brand-agnostic  we value manufacturers with high quality products and strong customer support programs. We partner with our clients and help them achieve their goals within their time frame and budget. whether it is a new turnkey solution  a network optimization or a maintenance program  our extensive experience and expertise allow us to quickly adapt to the needs of our clients and offer them the services and responsiveness they seek."
"Seabex AgriTech & FoodTech, Adaptive Irrigation, Agri-Data and Analytics, Agriculture 4.0 (Crop Production and Livestock), Climate-Smart Agriculture, Data Management, Precision Agriculture, Smart Farming and Connectivity, Water Management Seabex  an innovative agritech company  offers a groundbreaking solution to address these challenges. Leveraging cutting-edge AI technology and a unique sensorless approach  Seabex provides real-time  personalized irrigation recommendations to farmers. By harnessing a wealth of data sources  including climate  soil  and crop data  Seabex empowers farmers to make informed decisions about irrigation  conserving resources while boosting yields. Seabex has made significant progress since its launch in January 2023. The company has secured over 370 paid customers and is rapidly expanding its reach through partnerships with more than 25 partners and resellers across France and Tunisia. Moreover  Seabex has initiated collaborations with industry giants like Bayer and Climate FieldView  strengthening its position in the market. Seabex has just closed a seed hybrid round of 1 million €"
"Seafood Factory Retail Tech, Media, Marketing & Advertising Tech, Ecommerce, AgriTech & FoodTech, Aquaculture & Algae, Aquaponics, Aquaculture novel technologies, Food Losses & Waste, Raw Materials and Operating Equipment, Smart Farming and Connectivity, Supply Chain Management, Water Management, eCommerce Software, Supply Chain Solutions, Content Marketing, Email Marketing, Event Management, Influencer Marketing, Marketing Automation, Performance Marketing, Social Media Management & Monitoring, Sustainability & Green Economy, UX & UI, Customer Experience & Retention - CRM Systems, Customer Experience & Retention - Loyalty Programmes, Data & Analytics - Audience Management, Data & Analytics - Business Intelligence, Data & Analytics - Price Tracking, Conversion Tools & Analytics, E-commerce & M-commerce - E-Commerce Platforms, E-commerce & M-commerce - Social Commerce, E-commerce & M-commerce - User Experience & UX Design, Employee Management - E-Learning, Store Operations - Labelling & Ticketing Software, Store Operations - Scanners/ Hand-Held Terminals, Supply Chain & Logistics - Delivery & Returns, inc. Final Mile, Supply Chain & Logistics - ERP, Supply Chain & Logistics - Robotic Fulfilment, ERP / Business Management, Web App, Design and Development Seafood Factory is a Digital EcoSystem for Seafood Supply Chain & Logistics. And the First Aqua-foodtech platform in Egypt that helps bridge the gap between seafood producers  fishermen  aquaculture and B2B & B2C consumers ensuring that high-quality fish & seafood reaches your plate from farm to fork. Reliable  transparent  and conscious Seafood supply chain & logistics that is revolutionizing the speed of harvest-to-retail and bridging supply-demand gaps locally and internationally As well as empowering the farmers / fishermen with various solutions"
Seavo No categories available Seavo specializes in creating innovative IoT-connected electric watercrafts and unmanned surface vehicles (USVs)  designed for efficient data collection and aquaculture conservation. Our advanced fleet management system integrates seamlessly with our hardware  enhancing marine operations and ensuring sustainable practices.
"Secfinity Digital Finance, Regulatory Technology, Artificial Intelligence, Asset Management / Personal Finance / Wealth Management, Artificial Intelligence, Banking Solutions, Crowd Funding, Digital Lending, Fund Raising and Investment, Lending / P2P Lending, Online Trading Software, RegTech / Audit / Regulatory Compliance, Transactional Platforms, Wealth Management Software Secfinity is a FinTech startup that is operating a SaaS trading platform that enables financial institutions in the MENA region  to connect  negotiate and execute transactions in the Security Finance market. Our vision is to create the largest P2P Securities Finance and OTC derivatives network in the MENA. Solution: • We offer a Marketplace that enables financial institutions to connect Negotiate and Execute the complete life cycle of Securities Finance transactions. • We are also a SaaS that offers  Inventory management  pre trade & post trade capabilities  P&L calculation & positions risk management  reporting & billing capabilities and much more. Key achievements: • Our platform is MVP ready. • We initiated a POC with 4 financial institutions to adapt our solution to the local market and with 5 others in our pipeline in   and UAE."
"SecondSTAX Limited Digital Finance, E-KYC, Forex Software, Online Trading Software, Research & Development SecondSTAX founded in 2020 by Eugene Tawiah and Duke Lartey is the first and only portal for licensed broker-dealers  asset managers  large commercial banks  and other institutional investors to directly invest in stocks and bonds on exchanges in multiple African countries. We have raised $1.8 million in pre-seed funding from private investors and venture capital firms  including LoftyInc Capital  Orbit54  and STEMeIn  to support our commitment to facilitating seamless investment and trading across African borders. Our platform provides access to debt and equity securities across multiple African bonds and stock exchanges and facilitate transactions by securely and efficiently routing orders onto existing mature capital markets exchange infrastructure  through sponsored broker relationships  in full compliance with local regulations."
"Secure Networks Cyber security, Anti-spam, Anti-Malware & Anti-Virus & Email Security, Application Control, Application integration and infrastructure, Applied Security, Authentication User, Biometric Authentication and PKI, Business Continuity & Disaster Recovery Planning, Cloud Security, Cryptography, Data Governance, Risk & Compliance, Digital Forensics & Incident Response, Endpoint Protection & Mobile Security, Internet of Things (IoT) Security, Intrusion Detection & Penetration Testing, Network & Infrastructure Security, Operations Security, Phishing, Security Architecture & Design, Telecommunication & Network Security Secure Networks Covring the Following under Information Security Services and Solutions: 1- Technology Implementation: we are trusted Technical Arm for more than 20 Security Vendors 2- GRC Services 3- Red Teaming Services 4- SOC/Managed Services"
"seeward Cyber security, Application Security, Testing & Control, Cloud Security, Intrusion Detection & Penetration Testing, Operations Security Your ally in shielding your most valuable resources from the spectrum of cyber threats Founded in 2019   Seeward provides expertise in Audit  Risk and Vulnerability Management and penetration testing. Our services -RBVM platform Seeward Risk Based Vulnerability Management Platform aggregates and standardizes all of your threat assessment practices  whether automated or hand-crafted  and enrich them with business context and your risk analysis so that security practitioners can finally create risk-based remediation plans and align their priorities with your organization's business challenges. -Audit 360° The security audit is one of the solutions to identify the main vulnerabilities of your information system  and to define the overall level of security. -Pentesting Using the same techniques an adversary would use  we recreate a real attack environment to conquer the most vulnerable assets and areas of your infrastructure."
SEKERA No categories available Sekera est un groupe spécialisé dans la cybersécurité et le risk management  qui propose des services et des solutions de pointe. Avec une présence en Europe et en Afrique  Sekera accompagne ses clients à relever les défis de la gestion des risques et de la sécurité des systèmes d'information en offrant des services innovants de conseil  d'audit et de formation.
"SEMOA Digital Finance, E-Payment Solutions, Payment Gateways, Payments / Wallets / Exchange Gateways, POS Machines & Payment Solutions, Transactional Platforms Founded in 2016  SEMOA operates in 13 African countries  enhancing daily financial interactions through innovative fintech. Specializing in digitalizing banking services and empowering mobile transactions  SEMOA addresses financial inclusion with API platforms and white-label SaaS tools  crucial where traditional banking falls short. As a transaction enabler  SEMOA's mobile transaction frameworks allow banks to enhance service offerings and engage customers digitally. Its standout feature  WhatsApp Banking  facilitates secure  instant financial communications and transactions directly from mobile devices. SEMOA's impact is significant in rural areas  making financial services accessible and bridging the gap between traditional and digital banking. By fostering economic growth and stability  SEMOA is pivotal in Africa's financial landscape  driving inclusivity and modernization in the financial sector."
"Seniatna Sustainability & Green Climate - Tech, AgriTech & FoodTech, New Food Systems, Plant-based food processing, Rural Connectivity, Supply Chain Management, Energy Management & Sustainability, Food & Agriculture, Food & Agriculture - Food & Water Processing, Food & Agriculture - Food Agri B2B, Food & Agriculture - Food Production B2C, Sustainable Systems - Processing Millions of rural women in Africa who artisanally and traditionally process farm products have no access to structured markets such as FMCG and international markets. SENIATNA redefines the role of rural women in Africa's agri-food value chain  ensuring they capture the added value from food processing in this multi-billion dollar market. SENIATNA is a digital platform that connects rural women  manages orders  payments  and traceability  and provides additional services such as microcredit access and material purchasing. SENIATNA is also a physical platform that gathers  analyzes  and packages rural women's products through certified processes  ensuring food quality standards. SENATNA aims to become a key player for these millions of women  enabling the integration of various services into its platform."
"SENSTARTUP Digital Finance, Creative Economy, 3D Printing & Printing Services, Research & Development, Research and Development, Education & Training Senstartup est une association qui réunit des startups et des entrepreneurs de l’industrie numérique sénégalaise. Senstartup a été créée en 2018 comme un espace de rencontre et d’échange pour les Startups du Sénégal. Elle a joué un rôle central dans la création de la loi Startup Act en 2019 et 2020. Au quotidien  elle organise des activités pour catalyser le dynamisme de l’écosystème startup et entrepreneurial. Ceci lui vaut des partenariats avec les principaux acteurs du secteur public et du secteur privé Sur l’année 2024  nous avons des projets dont les objectifs sont alignés avec le projet du nouveau gouvernement: ? Former 1000 jeunes dont 50% de femmes ? Accompagner 1000 Startups et entrepreneurs à la croissance  la formalisation et l’accès au financement ? Créer 1000 emplois auprès des membres et leur chaîne de valeur"
"SensThings No categories available SensThings is a deep tech startup developing proprietary solutions and holding patents  with a core mission of bringing meaning to objects. Their flagship product  T3  revolutionizes security by combining digital and physical realms through patented ""phygital"" signature technology. This innovative approach embeds microelectronic chips within paper credentials  integrating cryptographic signatures with unique forensic tracers to ensure unmatched document authenticity. T3 is tailored for environments mandating legal compliance of physical documents  standing at the forefront of secure credential verification. Leveraging blockchain and AI  SensThings' solution provides robust protection against forgery  demonstrating its commitment to cutting-edge security technologies."
"Sentinel One Cyber security, Cloud Services, Artificial Intelligence, AI-optimized Hardware, Analyst, Applications including Development, Deployment & Design, Business Continuity, Back-up & Disaster Recovery, Applied Security, Business Continuity & Disaster Recovery Planning, Internet of Things (IoT) Security SentinelOne started with an idea: to protect the things that matter most to our customers by pushing the boundaries of cybersecurity. Over the decades  we’ve hustled and innovated  we’ve grown and transformed  to create the world’s most advanced cybersecurity platform. Valuing trust  accountability  ingenuity  and unstoppable drive above all else  our teams are inspired to challenge the status quo and build lasting partnerships with every customer."
SENUM SA No categories available Video Presentation https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NThGadwd5DM&t=3s What we 've done the last 10 years https://drive.google.com/file/d/1eeQN0D6vJdtV8cUIUBNKz5gg-ux7pzUf/view
"Seplat Energy Plc. Data Centres, AgriTech & FoodTech, Renewable Energy, Renewable Energy Seplat Energy is Nigeria’s leading independent energy company providing affordable and reliable energy towards Nigeria’s future prosperity."
"SES - LU Space Tech, 5G & Telecommunications, Space Tech, Telecommunication Integration & Equipment Services SES has a bold vision to deliver amazing experiences everywhere on earth by distributing the highest quality video content and providing seamless connectivity around the world. As the leader in global content connectivity solutions  SES operates the world’s only multi-orbit constellation of satellites with the unique combination of global coverage and high performance  including the commercially-proven  low-latency Medium Earth Orbit O3b system. By leveraging a vast and intelligent  cloud-enabled network  SES is able to deliver high-quality connectivity solutions anywhere on land  at sea or in the air  and is a trusted partner to the world’s leading telecommunications companies  mobile network operators  governments  connectivity and cloud service providers  broadcasters  video platform operators and content owners."
"SHAM ALMUSTAQBAL TECHNOLOGIES LLC Education Tech, Ecommerce, Consumer Tech, Smart Home & Smart Workplace, 3D Printing & Printing Services, Solutions for component processing - Laser Material Processing, Solutions for component processing - Solutions for Automated Production, Computer and Mobile Hardware, Storage & Peripherals, Digital Imaging Equipment, Electronic Equipment & Instruments (Barcode Readers, POS Machines, Etc), Office Automation & Equipment, Printing Solutions, eCommerce Software, Interactive Boards / Touch Panels Sham Al Mustaqbal Technologies LLC  we are dedicated to transforming the printing and copying landscape in the MENA region by providing innovative  high-quality office equipments  IT solutios  copiers  printers  consumables  and spare parts. We commit to excellence in every aspect of our business  from product quality to customer service. We strive to be a reliable and responsive partner  ensuring to uphold the highest standards of customer satisfaction. Sham Technologies proudly extends its reach across the MENA region  acting as a catalyst for technological transformation in our region. Our strategic presence allows us to serve diverse markets demands. Fostering collaborative success  we have established a robust network of agents  distributors  resellers  and business partners throughout the Middle East and Africa. Our vision is to become the leading provider of office equipments  IT systems  printing and copying solutions and consumables in the Middle East and Africa."
"SHELLBOXES Metaverse, Immersive Tech, Gaming, Cyber security, Blockchain, AR/VR/MR, Blockchain as a Service (BaaS), Gaming, Infrastructure and  Development, Loyalty, Metaverse, Payments / Wallets / Exchange Gateways, Research & Development, Security / Cybersecurity, Smart Contracts, Intelligent Supply Chain, Training / Recruitment, Web3 Applications, Application Security, Testing & Control, Cryptography, Intrusion Detection & Penetration Testing, Software Development Security, Telecommunication & Network Security, Augmented Reality (AR), Mixed Reality (MR), Virtual Reality (VR) We are a leading Web3 company focused on providing top-notch blockchain security and development services. Our team of experts has extensive experience in building and securing decentralized applications (dApps) on various blockchain platforms  such as Ethereum and Solana. We specialize in smart contract development  auditing  and testing  as well as implementation of cutting-edge security solutions for dApps and blockchain-based systems. With a strong focus on user privacy and security  we aim to make decentralized technology more accessible and trustworthy for businesses and individuals alike."
"Shenzhen KOC Communication Co., ltd. Networking & Infrastructure, Internet of Things (IOT), Data Centres, Big Data & Analytics, 5G & Telecommunications, Cabling, Communication Equipment, Data Centres, Fixed Line Telecommunications, Telecommunication Integration & Equipment Services, Cloud Solutions, Data Warehouse, Data Centre Next Generation, Data Management Solutions, Facilities Management, Telecommunications, Data Management Technology, Telecommunication Platforms Established in 2001  KOC Group is a state and municipal  level Hitech Company  located in Longhua District  Shenzhen  China. KOC started its fiber optic connection trading at its early stage.  After more than 10-year's developments  it becomes a professional manufacturer specialized in telecom  fiber optic network connection  passive devices  data center cabling etc. KOC products are extensively applicable to telecom operators  fiber optic engineering  CCTV  broadband networks  FTTH  data center in more than 80 countries worldwide. KOC provides reliable products and services to customers under the concept of  high quality orientation."
"SHIPEX - Boxpid Ecommerce, Software Services, eLogistics, Supply Chain Solutions, Business Intelligence Solutions ShipEx  with a 10-years presence in the market  is a 100%   platform that is connected globally with DHL  FedEx  and UPS. Thanks to a high-performance algorithm ShipEx directs the parcels of its customers to the fastest and cheapest partner with personalized tracking from pickup to delivery our teams make a very meticulous follow-up with a real-time update of each stop of the package."
"Shipsen Ecommerce, eCommerce Software, eLogistics, Supply Chain Solutions, Web App, Design and Development Shipsen is a logistic company serving ecommerce sellers from all over the world. Our clients  are ecommerce sellers advertise their stores and products on line  and Shipsen does all the rest for them. Shipsen intervenes in all the following stages: first mile  warehousing  order reception  order confirmation  fulfillment  delivery to end customer and cash collection."
Shopmeaway No categories available Shopmeaway combines an eCommerce application with a logistics application. The eCommerce application acts as a catalog aggregator  locally transcribing catalogs from global distributors such as Amazon. The logistics application optimizes delivery costs by digitizing the distribution chain among multi-country logistic partners. In doing so  we address the problem faced by customers in underserved countries who need certain products they cannot find  as well as the challenge encountered by distributors seeking to expand into new markets.
"Shopyan Digital Finance, Ecommerce, Cloud Services, Software as a Service - SaaS, Payment Gateways, eCommerce Software, E-Commerce Solutions, E-Payment Solutions Shopyan  the all-in-one e-commerce solution  is designed to simplify the creation of your online store while ensuring the effective success of your business through its flexibility and ability to meet all needs. Shopyan represents international expertise catering to local specificities  offering a comprehensive  adaptable  and accessible e-commerce experience for everyone.. Our Mission : Democratizing e-commerce for everyone. Our Solution : Shopyan  a complete e-commerce ecosystem. Cutting-edge platform  high-level education  constant innovation. Everything you need to shine online  all in one place.."
"SICPA Smart Cities, Coding and Development, Blockchain, Identity / Trust / Authentication, Artificial Intelligence, Blockchain, Smart Services Market leader in security inks for banknotes and leading provider of secured authentication  identification  traceability and supply chain solutions  SICPA is a long-trusted partner to governments  central banks  high security printers and the industry. Every day  governments  companies and millions of citizens rely on its expertise  which combines material-based covert features and digital technologies  to protect the integrity and value of their currency  personal identity  value documents  e-government services  as well as products and brands. True to its purpose of Enabling Trust through constant innovation  SICPA aims to further an Economy of Trust worldwide  where transactions  interactions and products across the physical and digital worlds are based on protected  unforgeable and verifiable data. Founded in Lausanne in 1927  headquartered in Switzerland and operating on five continents  SICPA employs about 3000 people."
"SILICON IT HUB PVT. LTD Smart Cities, Retail Tech, Ecommerce, Cloud Services, Artificial Intelligence, Software as a Service - SaaS, Web App, Design and Development, Natural Language Processing (NLP), Digital Signage - In-store Advertising, Government Authorities & Municipalities Welcome to Silicon IT Hub  your premier destination for cutting-edge enterprise software solutions! With a rich legacy of serving global enterprises  we specialize in top-tier mobile and web app development services. Our seasoned teams of developers  UI/UX designers  and business consultants work tirelessly to bring your vision to life. At Silicon IT Hub  innovation isn't just a buzzword—it's our DNA. We're dedicated to pushing the boundaries of technology and creating bespoke solutions tailored to your needs. Whether you're a startup or an established corporation  we're here to equip you with robust  feature-rich apps that set you apart from the competition. Our commitment to excellence is unwavering. We meticulously craft software solutions that meet and exceed your expectations  ensuring seamless performance and a visually stunning user experience. With Silicon IT Hub by your side  you can navigate the complexities of the modern business landscape with confidence."
"SIMETRA Software Services, Smart Cities, Future Mobility & Transportation, Big Data & Analytics, Artificial Intelligence, Machine Learning, Planning and Optimization, Cloud Solutions, Dashboard, Data Analytics, Connected Mobility Solutions, Fleet & Logistics Solutions, Fleet Management, Intelligent Transportation Solutions (ITS), Mobility As A Service - Maas, Architecture - Design & Planning, Mobility & Transport, Transport Infrastructure, Urban Planning Developers, Consultancy & Project Management, Application integration and infrastructure, Mobility Enterprise Solutions SIMETRA is a leading provider of traffic flow modelling  Intelligent Transportation Systems (ITS)  and transportation planning services. With over 20 years of experience  we have successfully completed more than 300 major projects in transportation planning  modeling  forecasting  ITS development  and logistics automation. Our team includes transportation engineers  mathematicians  business analysts  economists  and programmers  enabling us to address any transportation challenges faced by modern metropolises  regions  or industrial enterprises. SIMETRA is the developer of RITM³  a cutting-edge digital platform for planning  monitoring  and managing transportation systems. RITM³ incorporates unique technologies  leveraging fundamental knowledge and extensive experience gained from our successful transportation projects  as recognized by industry experts."
"Sinovision HealthTech, Other Business SINOVISION is committed to providing integrated diagnostic and treatment solutions through medical technology innovation."
"SIRECOM Software Services, Networking & Infrastructure, Big Data & Analytics, Artificial Intelligence, 5G & Telecommunications, Billing / OSS / BSS, Broadband Services, Converged / Unified Communications, Geospatial Solutions & Services, Mobile Telecommunications & 5G, Service Providers, Wireless, Machine Learning, Planning and Optimization, Data Analytics, Data Integration, Data Management, Digital Transformation, Extract, transform, load - ETL, Geo Data, Geo-Spatial Data, Real-Time Analytics, Enterprise Software Application, Telecommunication Platforms, Application integration and infrastructure, Business Intelligence Solutions, Data Analytics & Automation, Mobile Applications, Mobility Enterprise Solutions, Fixed Line Telecommunications, Monitoring & Management Tools, Operating Systems Founded in 2001  SIRECOM is a company specializing in the areas of study  engineering and expertise in networks and telecommunications. Its ambition is to be the reference partner for its clients  both through the diversity of its activities and the quality of its services. Its volume of business increases regularly each year in a consistent manner  placing SIRECOM in the leading position of a solid  rigorous and innovative company."
"SIREVA Networking & Infrastructure, Energy Tech, Ecommerce, Consumer Tech, Smart Home & Smart Workplace, 5G & Telecommunications, Cabling, Military Communication Equipment & Services, PABX Equipment & Services, Smart Phones, Telecoms & Mobility, Solar Energy, Routers, Telecommunication Platforms Votre Partenaire en Solutions Matérielles Innovantes Bienvenue chez Sireva  votre destination de confiance pour des solutions matérielles de pointe. Nous nous engageons à fournir des produits de haute qualité et des solutions innovantes qui répondent à vos besoins les plus exigeants. Explorez notre catalogue complet et découvrez comment nos produits et solutions peuvent transformer votre expérience. nous sommes plus qu'un fournisseur  nous sommes votre partenaire pour l'avenir de la connectivité."
Sirius International Holding Limited No categories available Sirius International Holding  based in Abu Dhabi  is a subsidiary of IHC with a steadfast commitment to catalyzing the digital revolution  unleash profound change and ignite the possibilities of a brighter and more promising future. Our firm commitment to driving progress shines through our diverse portfolio of subsidiaries and strategic investments. We specialize in harnessing the power of disruptive  cutting-edge technologies for human-centric progress. We strive to make digital transformation accessible and beneficial to all.
"SisPay S.A. Digital Finance, Retail Tech, Blockchain, Big Data & Analytics, Artificial Intelligence, Digital Transformation, Big Data / Digitisation / Analytics, Developer Tools / Platforms, Loyalty, Payments / Wallets / Exchange Gateways, Artificial Intelligence, Banking Solutions, Card Issuance and Management, Digital Payment, E-Commerce Solutions, E-Payment Solutions, Customer Experience & Retention - Loyalty Programmes, Data & Analytics - Business Intelligence SisPay is a Fintech expert in electronic transactions. 1. Electronic transactions for payment according to EMV Standards (VISa  MasterCard  AMEX  UnionPay  RuPay  JCB  etc.)  closed-loop private payments. Supports magnetic  chip  NFC  Cashless or Mobile Wallet cards. 2. Electronic Transactions for value-added services such as Fuel solutions (Fleet and fuel)  discount card  end-to-end loyalty solution  eVoucher  Money Transfer  this supported and via cards  Tags or Mobile Wallet. The innovation of SisPay for these two axes is that they are integrated into a single platform managing their combination and their remote deployment in service packs or by service that can be activated  each modifying the others. The platform which allows this cohabitation and this homogeneous and efficient management is called SisWin."
Sittap No categories available Sittap leverages cutting-edge technology to provide an innovative  exhaustive and flexible SaaS platform for restaurants. Our solution encompasses a wide array of modules  from cloud POS systems to inventory management  loyalty programs  booking and online ordering  ensuring restaurants have all the tools they need in one platform. Our innovations include: 1. The Reels Menu: This feature not only boosts revenues and enhances the dining experience but also boosts visibility as customers have ready to use amazing stories 2. Encrypted NFC Proof of Presence: Addressing the security flaws of QR codes  our NFC technology generates a new  expiring link with every scan  allowing customers to order securely without prepayment  enhancing the dining experience and preventing fraudulent orders 3. Password free Loyalty Programs 4. Real-time Management Notifications : We streamline operations with instant alerts for managers on critical issues 5. Facial Recognition For Employee Clocking ...
"SkillBridge Education Tech, Artificial Intelligence, Chatbots / Virtual Assistant, Content Creation, Data Extraction, Machine Learning, Natural Language Processing (NLP), Planning and Optimization, Animation & Simulation, Artificial Intelligence & IOT, Assessment and testing, Blended learning, Collaborative learning and technology, Complete School Setup Solution, Content development and design, Content libraries, EdTech & Smart Classroom Solution, Educational Support & Other Service, HR systems and services, Learning Improvement Tech & Devices, Learning strategy, Mobile learning solutions, Performance management, Performance support systems, Specialist learning systems, STEAM Education & Robotics, Video for learning SkillBridge is an AI-powered learning platform assisting students in their education. It offers personalized study materials and tools  tailored to national exams as well as their class curriculum  boosting student confidence and readiness. With a team of Addis Ababa University graduates and international advisors from the USA and Turkey  SkillBridge aims to break educational barriers and foster academic excellence. Our key features include: - Curated study materials for national exams and classroom studies. - Personalized learning paths and interactive tools. - Progress tracking and one-on-one AI support. - Access to past exams with explanations. - Weekly contests and custom quizzes. Mission: SkillBridge is committed to shaping a brighter future for Ethiopian students by providing accessible  personalized education through innovative solutions. SkillBridge envisions boundary-breaking education  empowering students across Africa to excel academically and shape a brighter tomorrow."
"Skinopathy HealthTech, Big Data & Analytics, Artificial Intelligence, Computer Vision, Machine Learning, Artificial Intelligence, Data Analytics, Community Health Services, Healthcare IT, Data Science, Real-Time Analytics Skinopathy is securely digitizing and connecting the patient circle-of-care through Data & AI powered digital health tools for all dermatological problems  including skin cancers  chronic/acute conditions  skin burns  and wounds. Our technologies help with: • Differential diagnoses • Automated triage  scheduling  test ordering  billing  and consult notes • AI-informed medically validated treatment recommendation • Integrated patient engagement and education • Advanced patient and medical analytics Value Proposition: Patients: Skinopathy helps reduce long wait times and access medical professionals without leaving their homes. Doctors: Skinopathy simplifies & automates their medical pathways to see more patients while optimizing their revenue. Pharma: Skinopathy helps by giving them direct access to consumers; recruit patients for studies; and tools that can validate claims or gain insights. Hospitals: Skinopathy helps triage patients and monitor the efficacy of treatment plans."
"SKYCOM 5G & Telecommunications, 3D Printing & Printing Services, Design & Product Development - 3D Data Utilization, Communication Equipment, Fixed Line Telecommunications, Military Communication Equipment & Services, Mobile Telecommunications & 5G, Processing Systems, Service Providers, Telecommunication Integration & Equipment Services Nanjing-SKYCOM Communication Ltd. is a professional manufacturer of Optical Fiber Fusion Splicer and related products  with ultra-reliable quality  timely delivery& thoughtful service. The main products series include fusion splicer OTDR  optical fiber cleaver  cable welding machine  power meter  etc."
"Skynok Unmanned Aerial Vehicles (Drones), Sustainability & Green Climate - Tech, Internet of Things (IOT), Artificial Intelligence, AgriTech & FoodTech, AI & Nutrition, Autonomous systems, Climate-Smart Agriculture, Mechanization, Precision Agriculture, Smart Farming and Connectivity, UAV, Robotics & Drones, Autonomous Vehicles / Systems, Computer Vision, Data Extraction, Machine Learning, Robotic Process Automation, Robotics, Sensors, Smart lighting, Telemetry, Food & Agriculture Skynok is a United Nations-recognized startup based in Pakistan. Our mission is to enhance farming efficiency and eco-friendliness through advanced drone and robotics technology. Our commitment and impact were recently acknowledged with the UN and UNICEF Best Green Startup Award Skynok's primary offerings include advanced agricultural drones capable of performing a range of tasks such as precise crop data collection  efficient pesticide spraying  and optimal fertilizer distribution. These services are designed to address the challenges faced by farmers in developing countries  including low crop yields and significant economic losses due to outdated farming practices. The company's target market encompasses middle to high-income farmers  agricultural entrepreneurs  and agribusiness owners. Skynok aims to cater to a demographic primarily aged between 25-60 years  who are environmentally conscious  innovation-oriented  and efficiency-driven."
SLACKERS No categories available At Slackers  we're on a mission to revolutionize the way you interact with your home. As a pioneering provider of smart home solutions  we offer a comprehensive range of products designed to enhance convenience  security  and energy efficiency. Based in    our company is driven by a passion for innovation and a commitment to delivering top-notch quality. Our products  including smart cameras  plugs  lights  door locks  and more  are meticulously crafted to seamlessly integrate into your lifestyle. Whether you're looking to monitor your home remotely  automate your lighting  or secure your doors with the latest technology  our diverse range has you covered. In a world where technology is constantly evolving  Slackers is your trusted partner for innovative  reliable  and user-friendly smart home solutions. Experience the future of home automation with us and discover a new level of comfort  convenience  and peace of mind.
"SMART COMPLIANCE by BE RIGHT Digital Finance, Software Services, Education Tech, Cloud Services, Big Data & Analytics, Business Intelligence, Data Management, Professional Services, Auditing Solutions, Audio Visual Equipment & Resources, Content development and design, Performance management, Business Process Management Since 2017  BE RIGHT has been working to develop practical solutions that address the needs expressed by professionals facing the legal challenges. SMART COMPLIANCE is a digital solution that addresses a major issue in business: managing executives’ liability. In   and all over the world  the legal standards to be respected are multiplying and becoming increasingly complex. Business leaders are finding it progressively challenging to master the risks of non-compliance and are exposing themselves to substantial financial and criminal penalties  as well as reputational impact. SMART COMPLIANCE is a comprehensive solution  that offers a pragmatic  ergonomic and educational way to manage compliance. It significantly reduces the time spent searching for information and allows a better understanding of the non-compliance risk to enhance operational efficiency. Hence  managers reduce their liability by deploying proactive measures to ensure compliance to regulatory standards."
SMART ENGINEERING & MANAGEMENT No categories available Thanks to its highly skilled staff  SEM is intervening in the whole value chain. From design to O&M   we delivered projects globally that serve CSP  ICT companies  Telecom Equipments Vendors  Private and State enterprises  Radio & Television Operators  National défense  Regulator and provide the following services : TCO optimization  Consulting  Network Design & Planning  Project Management  Managed Services  IT security  Training  Network Quality  Environment & Infrastructure  Network Rollout  TV/FM Broadcasting & VSAT infrastructure  MW and PMP/PTP links  Test & Measurement for wireless communications  microwave  IoT  M2M and EV. To benefit our customers from the latest state of the art technoligies  we have partnerded with internationaly renowned inovative companies in the Telecom and IT industries.
"Smart Engines Service LLC Digital Finance, Software Services, Retail Tech, Cyber security, Artificial Intelligence, Anti-spam, Anti-Malware & Anti-Virus & Email Security, Digital Forensics & Incident Response, Artificial Intelligence, Banking Solutions, Billing / Invoicing Software, Digital Payment, E-KYC, Payments / Wallets / Exchange Gateways, POS Machines & Payment Solutions, Robotic Process Automation, Customer Experience & Retention - Loyalty Programmes, Business Intelligence Solutions, ERP (Enterprise Resource Planning) Software, HR Tech Science-first IT developer since 2016 Staff of 100+ with 80% conducting of scientific activities Top-3 for contriburion to science in RF 200+ clients in 30+ countries: Banks  Fintech  Authority  Transport Qatar 2022 WorldCup ID recognitions supplier On-premise AI-driven solutions with 100% functionality off-line: • Smart ID Engine • - instant ID-documents recognition - 200+ countries in 100+ languages - ID validity verification - authority verification without PD discerning • Smart Code Engine • - Fast payment utilities for B2B  B2C  C2C  P2P - Barcode  Matrix  Aztec and QR reading - Phone numbers recognition - Bank cards number reading • Smart Doc Engine • - Paper ang digital document recognition - Business processing automation Smart Box Scanner with 3-range automatic check Ai-integrated device for ID  passport or government-issued documents in two formats: passport size and A4. Automated checking of docs in IR+UV+visible ranges with antifraud and anti-photoshop functions."
"SMART LEVEL HealthTech, Gaming, Education Tech, 3D Printing & Printing Services, Apprenticeship, Training and Qualification, Design & Product Development - 3D Data Utilization, Design & Product Development - 3D Mapping, Design & Product Development - Digitizing of Components, Design & Product Development - Drawing & Document Management, Design & Product Development - Industrial design, Design & Product Development - Intellectual property protection for technologies and software, Design & Product Development - Optimization Services, Design & Product Development - PLM, CAD, CAM, CLE software, Design & Product Development - Simulation & Simulators, Design & Product Development - Virtual, Augmented & Mixed Realities, Digitization / services / tool and die making - Data and IT security, protection of intellectual property, Digitization / services / tool and die making - Digitization and software, Digitization / services / tool and die making - Engineering, Digitization / services / tool and die making - Gauge- and fixture manufacturing, Digitization / services / tool and die making - Pattern Making, Digitization / services / tool and die making - Production of components and assemblies, Digitization / services / tool and die making - Prototyping, Digitization / services / tool and die making - Try out and Component Testing, Manufacturing preparation / pre-processing - 3D Printing Outsourcing, Solutions for component processing - Laser Material Processing, Solutions for component processing - Operation and Process Organizing Software (ERP, PPS, BDE), Animation & Simulation, Artificial Intelligence & IOT, Audio Visual Equipment & Resources, Coaching and mentoring, Collaborative learning and technology, EdTech & Smart Classroom Solution, Educational Loan & Financial Services, Educational Support & Other Service, Educational Tour Organizer, Animation, Cloud Gaming, Gaming Equipment, Marketing / Advertising, PC Gaming, Community Health Services, Dealers and Distributors Healthcare, Government, Healthcare Investor, Healthcare IT, Laboratory Facilities, Laboratory Technology, Medical Education Institute, Medical Facilities, Medical Travel, Other Business We are proud to introduce our new chapter: Horion  . We are a passionate and determined team  committed to bringing intelligent and innovative solutions in  . At Horion    our mission is to transform the future through intelligence. We firmly believe that intelligent technology can catalyze growth  enhance efficiency  and open new opportunities across all sectors. Our Commitment: We are committed to providing cutting-edge products and solutions tailored to the needs of our clients. From revolutionary interactive flat panels to dedicated after-sales services  our commitment to quality and innovation is at the core of everything we do. Our working process: Explore our range of products designed to meet the modern challenges of businesses  from meeting rooms to classrooms  offices to product exhibitions. Our powerful and user-friendly solutions are designed to improve efficiency  interaction  and your company's image."
SMART SYSTEM SERVICES No categories available Smart System Services specializes in integrated waste management solutions  utilizing advanced technologies like IoT and AI. Their offerings  including Smart Trash  DROPOFF  and SMART ECOLO  aim to optimize waste collection  cut operational expenses  and foster citizen involvement. By prioritizing user-centric design and environmental sustainability  Smart System Services is transforming conventional waste management practices. Their tailored solutions cater to the specific needs of municipalities and communities  marking a significant shift towards more efficient and sustainable waste management practices.
Smart Vision (SVT North Africa) No categories available SVT North Africa extends Smart Vision’s tech expertise into North Africa. Based in    this subsidiary serves not just   but broader African markets. It offers IBM SPSS Solutions for advanced statistical analysis—ideal for universities  government bodies  and sectors like finance  health  and telecommunications. Additionally  SVT North Africa provides Amazon Web Services (AWS) expertise  offering comprehensive services including migration  deployment  integration  and training to support digital transformation. As part of Smart Vision  a subsidiary of SELECT INTERNATIONAL GROUP  SVT North Africa aims to enrich Smart Vision’s legacy by propelling client success with advanced  regionally tailored technology solutions. With a steadfast commitment to innovation and excellence  it strives to be the leader in data solutions and analytics across Africa  driving technological innovation and business transformation.
"Smartly.AI Digital Finance, Big Data & Analytics, Artificial Intelligence, Chatbots / Virtual Assistant, Data Extraction, Natural Language Processing (NLP), Artificial Intelligence, Artificial Intelligence Smartly.AI is a conversational agent platform for businesses  enabling intelligent automation of customer interactions 24/7. Easy to integrate  Smartly.AI leverages artificial intelligence to provide accurate responses  boost customer engagement  and reduce costs."
"SmartSource CO Digital Finance, Software Services, Networking & Infrastructure, Cloud Services, Artificial Intelligence, Data Extraction, Optical character recognition (OCR), Software as a Service - SaaS, Artificial Intelligence, Billing / Invoicing Software, Enterprise Software Application, Business Process Management, CRM (Customer Relationship Management) Software, Finance & Accounting Software SmartSource Co is a dynamic startup at the forefront of revolutionizing business management with cutting-edge software solutions. Our products  leverage advanced AI and optical-character-recognition technologies to enhance efficiency and accuracy in accounting  invoicing  and inventory management. These innovative tools empower businesses to streamline their operations  enabling them to focus on growth and success. Our solutions: Wins: a platform that ensures the deposit and processing of documents through artificial intelligence and OCR and allows for the extraction of data and the direct integration of accounting entries into the WinCompta or into the existing accounting software without any manual entry. WinCompta: an innovative all in one accountancy platform that offers a user-friendly interface that revolutionizes the accounting experience WinsUp:an invoicing and inventory management software with accounting and bookkeeping features"
"smsmode Media, Marketing & Advertising Tech, Ecommerce, Cloud Services, Big Data & Analytics, 5G & Telecommunications, Mobile Technology, Software as a Service - SaaS, Telecommunication, Telecoms & Mobility, Digital Marketing, Mobile Telecommunications & 5G, Email Marketing Smarter  safer  and more enjoyable customer experiences. Discover a new way to interact with your clients. Easily integrate flexible  powerful mobile messaging solutions tailored to each customer's needs."
"Sobrus HealthTech, Ecommerce, Cloud Services, Retail Tech, Software Services, Software as a Service - SaaS, Platforms, Healthcare IT, Laboratory Technology, E-commerce & M-commerce - E-Commerce Platforms, Mobile Applications At Sobrus  we redefine healthcare standards with pioneering SaaS solutions : Sobrus Pharma  Sobrus SNS  Sobrus Labs  Sobrus MED  Ecopara  and our upcoming patient-oriented platform  Sobrus. Our solutions set new benchmarks for efficiency and security  empowering pharmacists  streamlining wholesalers  enhancing labs  managing doctor's tasks and helping parapharmacies grow. We aim to connect healthcare professionals  saving time  boosting efficiency  and focusing mainly on patient safety. By ensuring secure medication dispensation  we elevate healthcare standards. Sobrus drives transformative advancements with cutting-edge technology  creating  's first Cloud healthcare ecosystem. We simplify the patient journey  revolutionizing healthcare one groundbreaking solution at a time. Join us in shaping a brighter  healthier future !"
Social Convert No categories available Social Convert pioneers a revolutionary concept  opening doors to a fresh market of income generation for individuals seeking additional earnings  while nurturing vibrant online communities. On the flip side  we provide business owners with an organic marketing tool to promote their products and services amidst the evolving digital landscape. However  our mission extends far beyond typical Martech startups. We're dedicated to making a significant social impact by empowering social media users to monetize their time effectively  thus creating meaningful employment opportunities in the digital realm.
"Softcruise Technologies Pvt. Ltd. Software Services, Internet of Things (IOT), Future Mobility & Transportation, ADAS or Advanced Driver Assistance Systems ECU, ADAS or Advanced Driver Assistance Systems Sonar, Connected Mobility Solutions, Control Modules & Software, Fleet & Logistics Solutions, Fleet Management, Application Development, Artificial Intelligence, IoT Solutions, M2M Solutions, Platform Solutions, RFID, Security, Mobile Applications, Mobility Enterprise Solutions Founded in 2001  Softcruise stands as an ISO 9001:2015 certified leader in advanced GPS  Navigation  and Security solutions. Our premier software  TrackingHAWK  revolutionizes fleet management and GPS tracking across multiple sectors—logistics  construction  oil and gas  healthcare  emergency services  educational institutions  and more  catering to both small and large fleets as well as field staff oversight. TrackingHAWK ensures rapid  precise operations equipped with state-of-the-art features. At Softcruise  we design and deliver comprehensive tracking and fleet management solutions from a single source. Our product range includes Vehicle Trackers  Personal Trackers  Dual Mode Trackers (satellite + GSM)  Offender Trackers  and advanced sensors for fuel levels and temperature  alongside iButton Readers  Keys  and Electronic Locks  tailored to meet specific industry demands."
"Software Group BG AD Digital Finance, Banking Solutions, Card Issuance and Management, Core Banking Solutions, Developer Tools / Platforms, Digital Lending, Digital Payment, E-Commerce Solutions, E-KYC, E-Payment Solutions, E-Wallets, Emerging Tech, Enterprise Software / Operating Systems, Forex Software, Identity / Trust / Authentication, Insurance Solutions, InsureTech, Interoperability / System Integration, Lending / P2P Lending, Loyalty, Open Banking / API, Payments / Wallets / Exchange Gateways, RegTech / Audit / Regulatory Compliance, Transactional Platforms Software Group is a global technology company specialized in digitalization and integration solutions for financial service providers. It currently serves a worldwide client base in more than 75 countries from 9 regional offices located in Australia  Bulgaria  Egypt  Ghana  India  Kenya  Mexico  the Philippines  and the USA. Among the customers of Software Group are organizations like Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation  Mastercard and Mastercard Foundation  International Finance Corporation (IFC)  Asia Development Bank  Asia Confederation of Credit Unions (ACCU)  Standard Bank  BBVA  Access Bank Germany  Bulgarian Development Bank (BDB)  Atlantic Bank Group  Bank South Pacific  Commercial International Bank Egypt  Bank de Caire  Dosh New Zealand  Allianz Bank  Eurobank  Generali  Fidelity Bank Ghana  Apex bank Ghana  Zeepay  Kenya Commercial Bank and more than 200 financial service providers from across the globe. Learn more at www.softwaregroup.com"
"Softyflow Software Services, Coding and Development, Artificial Intelligence, Frontend Development, Java, Web Development, Application integration and infrastructure, Business Process Management, CRM (Customer Relationship Management) Software, ERP (Enterprise Resource Planning) Software, Finance & Accounting Software, Mobile Applications SoftyFlow simplifies business processes with its user-friendly  low-code document workflow platform. Its intuitive solution allows businesses to automate  manage tasks efficiently  and collaborate seamlessly."
"SOKKA Sp. z o o HealthTech, Government SOKKA is a design company renowned for its avant-garde approach to solving customer problems that seem impossible today. Since its establishment in 2007  SOKKA has prioritized sustainable solutions  consideration of product life cycles  utilization of recycled or upcycled materials  and the seamless integration of cutting-edge technologies. SOKKA serves clients spanning diverse countries and industries. SOKKA  in partnership with ECOMEX  develops the AT-GAS WtE plant - a small-scale  containerized waste-to-energy solution  that allows for quick and cost-effective support to industries and municipalities in efficiently managing and converting biomass and waste into energy on-site. Due to its modular  containerized construction  the installation is easy to ship  install  and relocate. The plant is dedicated to businesses and municipalities  where waste management and ensuring energy independence are strategic challenges."
Solar Energy Tech No categories available During the COVID-19  the situation in Sudan was critical  especially in energy aspects. Meanwhile  Solar Energy Tech was established to meet the energy demands and solve the increased oil prices issues in Sudan  particularly Darfur Region. Today SET has supplied solar energy for over 500 000 individuals in Sudan  across various sectors. SET worked across different states in Sudan. SET has maintained a continuous growth since it was established and built partnerships with significant NGOs  Government sector  and private sector in Sudan  however  this growth has been hindered by the unexpected war in Sudan. Nevertheless  the growth of the demand for alternative energy sources in Sudan is very significant and seems very healthy. SET shifted-gears and is currently working through South Sudan to the region of Darfur  and many other States. during the last two months it built partnerships with Doctors Without Borders  and Red Cross and implemented more than fifty projects.
"Solution BI Digital Finance, Cloud Services, Coding and Development, Big Data & Analytics, Artificial Intelligence, Data Extraction, Deep Learning Platforms, Analytics as a service, Artificial Intelligence, Business Intelligence, Cloud Solutions, Dashboard, Data Analytics, Data Architecture, Data Governance, Compliance & Security, Data Infrastructure, Data Integration, Data Lake, Data Management, Data Mining, Data Science, Data Visualisation, Data Warehouse, Deep Learning, Extract, transform, load - ETL, Machine Learning, Unstructured Data, Visual Analytics, Analytics, Big Data & Analytics, Cloud Management & Optimisation, Cloud Management Platform, Data as a Service - DAAS, Infrastructure as a Service - IaaS, Artificial Intelligence, Cloud Computing, Cloud Kubernetes, Data Sciences, Machine Learning, Python, Artificial Intelligence, Asset Management / Personal Finance / Wealth Management, Banking Solutions, Big Data / Digitisation / Analytics, Cloud Solutions - Private and Public, Data Analytics / Big Data / IoT, Data Storage / Cloud / Smart Cities, Developer Tools / Platforms ABOUT US To sustain our position at the leading edge of data technology  we stimulate a culture of constant innovation. To uphold our status as the most dynamic data partner  we deliver our service with spectacular agility and accuracy Solution BI’s values are simple and authentic. What makes us different is our advanced expertise  which is key to our teams’ credibility. We strive to offer reliable and robust services. By bringing our clients a unique ""data"" experience and facilitating our coworkers’ development  we’re well on the way to responsible and controlled growth."
SOLUTION NUMÉRIQUE POUR L'AFRIQUE No categories available Unlocking the power of education across Africa  our e-learning platform pioneers accessibility in rural areas with limited Wi-Fi. Tailored for higher and K-12 education  we provide a comprehensive solution that transcends connectivity barriers. Our innovative platform offers seamless learning experiences offline  ensuring uninterrupted access to educational resources even in remote regions. By harnessing technology  we empower students and educators alike to thrive in any environment. Join us in shaping the future of education  one community at a time.
SOLWAY Services Group No categories available SOLWAY Services Group is a group specializing in human resources and offer the following services: - Supporting companies in their digital transformation. - Assisting in the implementation of SAP HR solutions. - Developing practical SAP HR solutions like VERIF'DSN and VERIF'DSN PLUS  used by major clients such as ETAM  the National Assembly  DOMUSVI  and more. - Helping to fulfill your recruitment needs by finding the right talent for your business. - Developing practical and innovative HR tools to enhance your daily operations. - Training future consultants and payroll officers in different HR  finance  and accounting software sush SAP  SAGE  and SILAE. We also offer training in machine learning  blockchain  data analysis  as well as other languages and frameworks.
"Solyd AgriTech & FoodTech, Agricultural Machinery And Equipment, Water Management Since 1975  SOLYD an enthusiast  Family men’s Love & Adventure. Water is a precious natural resource… That's why  since 1975  we have been making every effort to respect it through the design of increasingly efficient connection products. As an independent SME driven by the desire to constantly meet our clients' expectations in an efficient manner  we have chosen to develop a very extensive offer to achieve this. In perpetual evolution  thanks to our ""Research & Development"" service working on the constant optimization of the quality and performance of our products."
"SOMAYAR Smart Cities, Internet of Things (IOT), Application Development, Artificial Intelligence, Industrial IoT (IIoT) & Connectivity, Telecommunications, Mobility & Transport, Smart Digitial IoT Technology, Smart Services SOMAYAR se distingue également par ses partenariats stratégiques avec des marques mondiales telles que Hytera dans le domaine des télécommunications et Hanover Affichage Destination. En plus de ces collaborations prestigieuses  SOMAYAR est à la pointe de l'innovation avec ses propres solutions révolutionnaires. Parmi celles-ci  on trouve l'E-ticket Bus Solution  une solution billettique complète intégrant des systèmes avancés (SAE) et (SIV). De plus  SOMAYAR a développé l'E-ticket Pro  une solution billettique pour les stades  musées  zoos et autres sites culturels  offrant une expérience de visite fluide et sécurisée. Ces solutions innovantes témoignent de l'engagement de SOMAYAR à repousser les limites technologiques pour répondre aux besoins variés de ses clients."
"SOMNETICS - Seamless Digital Transformation Software Services, Education Tech, Ecommerce, Coding and Development, Big Data & Analytics, Applications, Artificial Intelligence, Business Intelligence, Dashboard, Data Analytics, Data Architecture, Data Integration, Data Management, Data Science, Data Visualisation, Digital Transformation, Extract, transform, load - ETL, Geo-Spatial Data, IoT, Machine Learning, Natural Language Processing - NLP, NoSQL, Open Source, Python, Real-Time Analytics, Robotic Process Automation - RPA, Structured Data, Structured Query Language - SQL, Text Analytics, Unstructured Data, Virtualization, Visual Analytics, Artificial Intelligence, Backend Development, Cloud Computing, Cloud Kubernetes, Data Sciences, Devops, Embedded System Development, Enterprise Applications, Frontend Development, Java, Machine Learning, Python, Web Development, eCommerce Software, eLogistics, ERP / Business Management, Platforms, Supply Chain Solutions, Web App, Design and Development, Web3 Applications, Artificial Intelligence & IOT, Collaborative learning and technology, Content development and design, Content libraries, Enterprise Solutions / ERP / CRM, Learning management infrastructure, methods and systems, Managed services and outsourcing, Publishing & E-Content / Digital Library, Application integration and infrastructure, Business Intelligence Solutions, Business Process Management, CRM (Customer Relationship Management) Software, Data Analytics & Automation, Digital Imaging, ERP (Enterprise Resource Planning) Software, Mobile Applications Somnetics is an ISO 9001:2015  2013  2011 certified leading Software and Technology solution provider headquartered in Kolkata  India with over a decade of experience in the field of Technology and Software serving various government  large and medium-sized organizations with our IT Solutions and Products. We have assisted various organizations with our products and solutions for automating processes within the organization with our proprietary platform ‘Seamless’ which can execute workflows under specific business needs. We are also into ITeS  assisting some of the large organizations in the US  Europe  and UAE."
SOPHATEL No categories available SOPHATEL is an established IT company with over 25 years of experience specializing in software development for the digitalization of healthcare professions  encompassing wholesale distributors  pharmacies  medical practices  hospital pharmacies  and more. SOPHATEL provides a variety of innovative and tailored solutions to assist healthcare professionals in managing  organizing  and mastering their activities. Apart from our comprehensive management solutions  SOPHATEL serves also as a supplier of essential hardware  including computers  printers  barcode readers  UPS systems  and more  catering to diverse technological requirements. Our extensive commercial network spans the entirety of the   territory  ensuring seamless availability. Furthermore  we offer a dedicated hotline support service to provide prompt assistance and diligent oversight  ensuring the optimal utilization of our solutions.
Sophos - StarLink No categories available Sophos evolves to meet every new challenge  protecting more than 500 000+ organizations of all sizes in more than 150 countries from today’s most advanced cyber threats. Powered by SophosLabs  our cloud-native and AI-enhanced solutions are able to adapt and evolve to secure endpoints and networks against never-before-seen cybercriminal tactics and techniques.
"SORA Technology Co.,Ltd. Unmanned Aerial Vehicles (Drones), HealthTech, AgriTech & FoodTech, 5G & Telecommunications, Geospatial Solutions & Services, Satellite & Distribution, Agri-Data and Analytics, Data Management, Precision Agriculture, Smart Farming and Connectivity, Soil Plant Health, UAV, Robotics & Drones, Other Business SORA leverages cutting-edge drone technology and AI to revolutionize global challenges in health  agriculture  and climate management  with plans for exploring to other fields. Our mission is to transform lives through the sky with values that promotes fairness  inclusiveness  and innovation  tailoring solutions to local needs while engaging with global perspectives. Our flagship project is termed SORA Malaria control  an initiative towards malaria elimination in a cost-effective and impactful way. We collaborate with local governments  international donors  NGOs  and private institutions  and are recognized by J-startup  Impact Investment Initiative for Global health and the Business Leaders Coalition for Global Health. Our projects span multiple countries  including Ghana and Sierra Leone  Benin  DRC  Nigeria  Togo  Mozambique where in some we've signed MOUs and others we’ve started implementation. We also build local capacity by empowering communities with tech skills."
SOTILMA No categories available Sotilma offers smart water metering solutions for farmers  providing precise control of water consumption. Our meters use advanced technology for efficient irrigation  reducing losses and increasing yields. They enable real-time monitoring via a mobile app or our Sotilma_Connect system  without the need for an Internet connection. All our meters incorporate autonomous valves and are solar-powered. By using self-contained  solar-powered valves  Sotilma also reduces dependence on traditional energy resources  promoting more sustainable  environmentally-friendly farming practices. All our products are low-coast  low-power and long-range.
Soul & Planet No categories available Soul & Planet  a green e-marketplace  empowers companies to enhance their environmental and social impact by harnessing employees' consumption habits. Through a subscription model  employees gain access to a curated marketplace offering clean daily products for the entire family at discounted prices. Meanwhile  companies receive valuable insights into the impact of this consumption  including metrics like water conservation  CO2 reduction  biodiversity enhancement  and job creation  allowing them to track and improve their sustainability efforts effectively.
South African Electrotechnical Export Council (SAEEC) No categories available The South African Electrotechnical Export Council (SAEEC) is a non-profit company established as a Public Private Partnership between South African business and the Department of Trade  Industry and Competition (the dtic) to facilitate the export growth and internationalisation of its members. The SAEEC acts as the official voice between government and the industry and is a neural gateway into the Continent for international organisations in the Electrotechnical sector wishing to locate their operations in Africa. Activities of the SAEEC include: Identifying and creating export opportunities for our members Providing market research and logistical support Engaging Government support for marketing  promotion  trade and investment initiatives  for which we assist in obtaining subsidies
SOWIT No categories available Enabling greater returns for African farmers and food security for Africa. We help farmers achieve a more profitable harvest. We leverage technology and finance to enable successful agribusinesses building Africa's food security and sovereignty. SOWIT provides farmers with everything they need to make the most of their land. This includes technology  finance  insurance  quality inputs and training.Enabling greater returns for African farmers and food security for Africa. We help farmers achieve a more profitable harvest. We leverage technology and finance to enable successful agribusinesses building Africa's food security and sovereignty. SOWIT provides farmers with everything they need to make the most of their land. This includes technology  finance  insurance  quality inputs and training.
"Space up PropTech, Cloud Services, Marketplaces, Software as a Service - SaaS SpaceUp is a startup headquartered in   that uses technology to solve the problem of inefficient Flex Office booking processes. Our platform addresses the issues of poor customer experience  time wasted in contacting Spaces  lack of transparency on pricing and availability  and slow processes in the Office booking industry. We cater to a wide range of clients  including auto-entrepreneurs  co-working spaces  business leaders  seminar and conference organizers  procurement departments  marketing directors  and HR professionals. Our platform offers a comprehensive listing of professional venues  advanced search criteria  online contact and reservation capabilities  and a seamless user experience. With SpaceUp  users can easily find and book professional spaces in just three clicks  saving time and streamlining the booking process. Our platform aims to provide a better user experience  a wide selection of professional venues  and efficient connections between users and venues."
"Spectrum Groupe Artificial Intelligence, Cloud Services, AI-optimized Hardware, Chatbots / Virtual Assistant, Analytics, Big Data & Analytics, Cloud Management & Optimisation, Cloud Management Platform, Cloud Service Provider - CSP, Consultancy, Cybersecurity, DevOps, IT Service Management - ITSM, Migration, Open Source, Platform as a Service - PaaS, Software as a Service - SaaS, Telecommunication, Virtualization Spectrum Groupe"
"Specxs Care Limited HealthTech, Consumer Tech, Smart Home & Smart Workplace, AgriTech & FoodTech, Smart Cities, Biotechnology, Leisure, Health & Lifestyle Wearables, Healthcare IT, Digital Health Solutions Specxs Care Limited is an indigenous pioneering digital healthcare and innovation company that leverages Artificial Intelligence and cutting-edge biomedical technology to design advanced medical devices and develop transformative healthcare systems. Proudly rooted in Jigawa State  Specxs Care was born from a deep desire to revolutionize healthcare  expand universal health coverage  and ensure affordable healthcare services in the state and across Nigeria."
Speech Technology Center No categories available Speech Technology Center is a global developer of products and solutions based on conversational artificial intelligence  machine learning  and computer vision with 33 years of experience. It offers technological expertise in speech technology  as well as facial recognition and voice biometrics. Speech Technology Center is focused on creating B2B and B2G AI solutions  with more than 5 000 AI projects completed around the world  including national-scale projects in Mexico  Ecuador  and the Middle East. In Russia  Speech Technology Center solutions are put to use in the largest banks  telecommunications companies  the fuel and energy sector  as well as the public sector. Moreover  they are being used to introduce the Safe&Smart city concept. Speech Technology Center’s voice forgery detection and speech recognition technology are on top of the global rankings like NIST  ASVspoof Challenge  VOiCES  and CHiME Challenge.
"Splash Guy Recruitment Software Services, Smart Cities, HealthTech, Education Tech, Cyber security, Applied Security, Cloud Security, Assessment and testing, Coaching and mentoring, Complete School Setup Solution, EdTech & Smart Classroom Solution, Healthcare Consultancy Service, Healthcare Investor, Healthcare IT, Architecture - Design & Planning, Cooling & Heating, Low-Emission & Electric Vehicles, Mobility & Transport, Application integration and infrastructure, Business Intelligence Solutions, Digital Imaging, ERP (Enterprise Resource Planning) Software, HR Tech, Mobility Enterprise Solutions Sourcing: do you know the RPO sourcing service? Very simply  at Splash Guy Recruitment  we delegate our talent sourcing consultants directly to your company  they intervene on all the time-consuming part of the recruitment process and come equipped with their hunting tools (LinkedIn Recruiter  Boolean operators  Seekout…). Our experience in the search for talent has allowed us to build a real pool that we can put at your disposal. The service starts and stops when you want it to. You have a different expertise at your disposal  an offer without commitment of attractive rates."
"SPONSIO Regulatory Technology, Blockchain, Artificial Intelligence, Chatbots / Virtual Assistant, Content Creation, Data Extraction, Machine Learning, Artificial Intelligence, Web3 Applications Sponsio is founded by a team of very known experts in Compliance  Sustainability & ESG spaces and tech specialists with track records in developing SaaS  AI & Blockchain based platforms. Sponsio helps businesses to: - Define their compliance  requirements  manage compliance and related performance for any activity  contract - Enbgage with their stakeholders in elaborating both ESG topics Materiality to Impact assessment - Using AI to  Intuitively  carry out IRO (Impact  Risks & Opportunities) Assessment of their Material topics - Build action plans to address the IROs and the needs of their stakeholders - Collect all relevant information for their annual reporting or Investors reporting - Uses Blockchain to ensure traceability and proofs for audits - Assess with thie"
Spotter No categories available Spotter develops an API-driven platform to offer an instant check verification service to businesses struggling due to the growing number of bounced checks. In 2022  checks represented 28% of the transactions among non-cash means of payment and the central bank registry of payment incidents recorded 560 000 incidents  up 12% compared to 2021  worth $1 7 billion!   is a representative sample of larger Market  which is the African Market (Tunisia  Ivory Coast  Senegal). Spotter web & mobile Apps  built using OCR and AI models  are ready to display their content and deliver the promised service while providing an enhanced user experience to our 3 customer segments. Spotter is committed to becoming a BNPL provider leveraging data from a wide variety of sources outside of the traditional credit score  to give real-time insights into affordability and risk. If you are interested in partnering with Spotter or Investing or joining Spotter as a team member  please come and visit our Stand
"Spysales Retail Tech, Ecommerce, eCommerce Software, Platforms, E-commerce & M-commerce - Digital Shopper Analytics & Engagement SpySales is a cutting-edge SaaS platform that provides e-commerce businesses with real-time analytics and competitor tracking. We specialize in helping Shopify store owners gain deep insights into their market landscape by monitoring competitors’ sales  pricing strategies  and promotional activities. Our service includes: Competitor Sales Tracking: Track real-time sales data and activity from competitors to adjust your strategies effectively. Market Analysis: Utilize advanced analytics to understand market trends and consumer behavior. Detailed Reporting: Access comprehensive reports that help you make data-driven decisions to optimize your store’s performance. User-Friendly Dashboard: Navigate through a clear and intuitive interface designed for ease of use  making complex data accessible. SpySales is designed to empower online merchants with the tools they need to stay competitive and thrive in the dynamic e-commerce environment"
Squarefeet No categories available Squarefeet unifies all leasing operations and stakeholders onto a single platform  enhancing leasing efficiency  reducing errors  and facilitating seamless collaboration for unparalleled speed and efficiency.
"ST DIGITAL Software Services, Data Centres, Cyber security, Cloud Services, Big Data & Analytics, Data Analytics, Data back-up, Data Infrastructure, Digital Transformation, Cloud Management Platform, Cloud Service Provider - CSP, Colocation, Consultancy, Customer Relationship Management - CRM, Cybersecurity, Governance & Compliance, Hosting, Hybrid, Infrastructure as a Service - IaaS, IT Service Management - ITSM, Migration, Networks, Private Cloud, Public Cloud, Secure Access Service Edge - SASE, Software as a Service - SaaS, Storage, Total Solution Provider, Web Hosting, Application integration and infrastructure, Application Security, Testing & Control, Applied Security, Cloud Security, Data Governance, Risk & Compliance, Network & Infrastructure Security, Operations Security, Security Credentials, Consultancy, Data Centre Next Generation, Data Management Solutions, Facilities Management, Security - Data & Virtual, Security - Physical, Servers & Hardware, CRM (Customer Relationship Management) Software, Data Analytics & Automation, ERP (Enterprise Resource Planning) Software ST DIGITAL est une société de services numériques panafricaine qui a pour ambition de devenir un acteur de référence dans l'accompagnement à la transformation digitale et les Cloud Services. L'offre de service de ST DIGITAL repose sur 6 catégories : La Formation  Le Conseil en transformation digitale  L'Infrastructure et le Cloud  Les outils de travail collaboratifs  Les solutions métiers  La cybersécurité. ST DIGITAL est installé dans 6 pays ( Côte d'Ivoire  Cameroun  Togo  Bénin  Congo et Gabon ) et dessert ses clients dans toute l'Afrique de l'Ouest et du Centre. ST DIGITAL est également le premier acteur neutre et indépendant à opérer un Datacenter de catégorie Tiers 3 en Afrique centrale. L'offre de service Datacenter de ST DIGITAL se compose du IAAS (Infrastructure as a Service)  du SAAS (Software As a Service) et de la COLOCATION d'équipements."
"Stable Foods, Ltd AgriTech & FoodTech, Adaptive Irrigation, Agri-Data and Analytics, Agricultural Marketplaces, Climate-Smart Agriculture, New Food Systems, Precision Agriculture, Renewable Energy, Rural Connectivity, Water Management Stable Foods innovative Irrigation-as-a-Service (IaaS) makes irrigation affordable and accessible for millions. Then  once smallholders have access to year round drip irrigation  they can be transformed from subsistence farmers to small scale commercial farmers  reaching annual yield increases of 10x or more. Stable Foods enables this transformation with our IaaS product which doesn't require any capex or up front purchase from the farmer  they just pay a small monthly fee for access to the irrigation similar to how we buy data and minutes on our cell phone plan. We make money via the payments for our IaaS product  and also via a margin on our produce trading  since we also offer guaranteed market access to our farmer partners."
Stanley Black & Decker No categories available Stanley Black & Decker Inc (Stanley) is a provider of industrial equipment. It manufactures  markets and sells hand tools  power tools and related accessories  engineered fastening systems and products  services and equipmen. At Stanley Black & Decker we work towards being ECOSMART™. This means that we are committed to improving the sustainability of our operations  our products  our communities  our suppliers  and our customers. Moreover  it means that we are vigilant about our sustainability initiatives and that we place a priority on maintaining an open dialogue with all of our stakeholders. ECOSMART™ is about embedding environmental and safety accountability in our culture and creating a paradigm shift in how we attract  develop and retain the next generation of talent.ECOSMART™ is about embedding environmental and safety accountability in our culture and creating a paradigm shift in how we attract  develop and retain the next generation of talent.
"StarBoard Solution GmbH Education Tech, Audio Visual Equipment & Resources, Collaborative learning and technology, Content development and design, Content libraries, EdTech & Smart Classroom Solution, Hardware Resources, Interactive Boards / Touch Panels, Learning Improvement Tech & Devices, Learning management infrastructure, methods and systems, Mobile learning solutions, Performance support systems, Presentation equipment, Publishing & E-Content / Digital Library, Smart Class Room Solution, Specialist learning systems StarBoard is an e-learning company passionate about creating an environment that allows organisations and educational institutes to embrace  collaborate and interact with technology effectively. Starboard EMEA  founded in 2007  headquartered in Berlin  Germany is a leading manufacturer of interactive technology solutions with an intellectually inspiring history of developing cutting–edge products that help businesses and individuals alike to be more productive and efficient. With a strong R&D team and multiple production lines  we have our own hardware patents and software copyrights. Through its distributors  agents  and OEM&ODM partners worldwide  the company has exported products to more than 70 countries and areas  receiving unanimous recognition from users. We classify our product range into Starboard Software  Interactive Displays  Interactive Whiteboards and Projectors. We are constantly expanding our wings into new markets with novel product offerings"
"StarLink Cyber security, Cloud Services, Artificial Intelligence, Application integration and infrastructure, Anti-spam, Anti-Malware & Anti-Virus & Email Security, Professional Services, Predictive APIs, Application Security, Testing & Control, Cloud Security, Digital Forensics & Incident Response, Endpoint Protection & Mobile Security, Intrusion Detection & Penetration Testing, Network & Infrastructure Security, Operations Security, Phishing, Security Credentials, Telecommunication & Network Security Starlink  an Infinigate Group Company is acclaimed as the fastest growing “True” Value-added Distributor” across the Middle East  Turkey  and Africa regions with on-the-ground presence in 11 countries. Starlink is recognized as a ""Trusted Cyber and Cloud Advisor” to over 3500 plus enterprise and government customers that use one or more of Starlink’s best-of-breed and market-leading technologies  sold through its Channel network of over 1500 Partners. The Starlink Solution Lifecycle helps Channel Partners differentiate offerings and assists customers to identify key risks and define priorities for addressing their IT Security gaps and enhance their Data Center and Cloud infrastructure."
"Steamledge Limited Education Tech, Artificial Intelligence & IOT, Assessment and testing, Publishing & E-Content / Digital Library, STEAM Education & Robotics We are revolutionizing learning for the digital age. With our Live 1-on-1 Tech Classes. From ages 6 to 16  we provide an immersive experience guided by experts  ensuring every student finds their path. Whether they're delving into coding  robotics  or digital design  our clear learning path paves the way for their journey into tech. But that's not all! Our AI Exam Prep Platform  a cutting-edge tool designed to help students ace their exams. With personalized study plans and adaptive learning techniques  success is within reach. Additionally  we're passionate about reaching every child  regardless of circumstance. That's why we offer an Accelerated Learning Platform for out-of-school children  providing them with the tools they need to thrive in a digital world. And for the innovators and entrepreneurs in the EdTech space  we've got you covered with our EdTech Acceleration Platform. From ideation to implementation  we provide the resources and support to turn your vision into reality"
"STOCKBOOKING Ecommerce, Cloud Services, Big Data & Analytics, Data Integration, Real-Time Analytics, Professional Services, Software as a Service - SaaS, eLogistics, Platforms Stockbooking is a B2B online marketplace and technological platform that allows logistics services providers and companies with spare capacity to connect with businesses requiring on demand warehousing and associated logistics services. Our solution helps  on one side  Businesses to benefit from dynamically scalable warehousing and logistics services with no lease commitments. On the other side  it helps logistics services providers and companies to have additional income for unused space and associated logistics services. With our solution  Businesses are able to reduce costs and their carbon footprint because they can store their goods as close as possible to their procurement or delivery sites. Stockbooking acts also as a control tower to enable a consolidated real time visibility on the inventory wherever it is located thanks to our integrations with WMS  ERP  TMS..."
straitPay No categories available straitPay is a neo-banking technology platform focused on bridging the gap between Africa and the global financial landscape. With a presence in Africa  Europe  and North America. We were recently awarded winners of the London Fintech Start Up of the Year 2023. We are committed to innovative solutions that simplify access to cross-border payments and investment opportunities in African markets to empower individuals and businesses in Africa.
"STULZ Data Centres, 5G & Telecommunications, Data Centres, Edge Solutions, Energy Efficiency, Heating & Ventilation, Micro Data Centres Since its foundation in 1947  the STULZ company has evolved into one of the world’s leading suppliers of air conditioning technology. With the manufacture of precision air conditioning units and chillers  the sale of air conditioning and humidifying systems  service and facility management  this division of the STULZ Group achieved sales of around 700 million euros in 2022. Since 1974 the Group has seen continual international expansion of its air conditioning business  specializing in air conditioning for data centers and telecommunications installations. STULZ 3 500 workers at 11 production sites and 23 sales companies. The company also cooperates with sales and service partners in over 140 other countries  and therefore boasts an international network of air conditioning specialists. The STULZ Group employs around 8 000 people worldwide. Current annual sales are around 1 600 million euros. For more information  please visit https://www.stulz.com"
"Suburban Cloud Digital Finance, Consumer Tech, Smart Home & Smart Workplace, Cloud Services, Coding and Development, Big Data & Analytics, Cloud Solutions, Cloud Management Platform, Cloud Service Provider - CSP, Consultancy, Data as a Service - DAAS, Desktop as a Service - DaaS, High Performance Computing - HPC, Hosting, Infrastructure as a Service - IaaS, Private Cloud, Backend Development, Cloud Computing, Automation & IoT, Cloud Solutions - Private and Public Suburban is a Hyperscale Sovereign Cloud Service Provider headquartered in Abuja. We enable and connect communities of all sizes within Nigeria and the rest of the World. Businesses  Technology and Media Companies  Software Developers and Government Entities at all levels use Suburban Cloud to run their operations. Educational institutions and Healthcare Service providers trust us to consistently support their value chains of essential services to the public."
"SUMEC Consumer Tech, Smart Home & Smart Workplace, Cloud Services, 5G & Telecommunications, Cabling, Communication Equipment, Converged / Unified Communications, Data Centres, IP Communications & Applications, Military Communication Equipment & Services, Mobile Telecommunications & 5G, Telecommunication Integration & Equipment Services, Wireless, Internet Service Provider - ISP, Networks, Telecommunication, Digital Imaging Equipment SUMEC is a subsidiary of SUMEC GROUP  which is a core member of China National Machinery Industry Corporation (also known as SINOMACH  one of the top 500 companies in the world). We produce optical fibers  fiber optic cables  optical components  ONUs and offer FTTx solutions with various standard specifications that are used in the telecommunications industry. Over the years  SUMEC has accumulated great experience in the custom design of optical fibers and cables. We have the most complete product portfolios so that each customer can find a specific product that suits their needs."
Sunu Trip No categories available Sunutrip is a travel company who offer itinerary.
"Supermax Xiandai Consumer Tech, Smart Home & Smart Workplace, Retail Tech, Electronic Equipment & Instruments (Barcode Readers, POS Machines, Etc), Home Appliances, Smart Appliances / Gadgets, Payments - POS Payments The products our company specializes in include barcode scanners  industrial vacuum cleaners  and thermal paper rolls."
"SupplyzPro Cloud Services, Big Data & Analytics, 3D Printing & Printing Services, Business Intelligence, Artificial Intelligence, Solutions for component processing - Operation and Process Organizing Software (ERP, PPS, BDE), Cloud Solutions, Data Analytics, Data Science, Visual Analytics, Big Data & Analytics, Consultancy, Software as a Service - SaaS, Industrial 3D Printing SupplyzPro is revolutionizing inventory management in Africa and the Middle East with a cutting-edge  cloud-based platform. We replace outdated methods with a scalable  user-friendly solution that leverages data science and business intelligence to optimize operations and enable confident  informed decision-making. Key Features: Offline Mode: Ensures operational continuity during internet interruptions  crucial for regions with infrastructure challenges. Data Science and BI Integration: Provides actionable insights through advanced predictive analytics and customizable dashboards. Modular Design: Offers adaptability  allowing businesses to customize the platform to meet their specific needs  enhancing usability. Security: Our platform is hosted on secure servers in Germany  with strict encryption processes ensuring data privacy and compliance. Comprehensive Support: From inventory management to decision intelligence  SupplyzPro covers all aspects of efficient business operations."
Suprema Europe No categories available Suprema was founded in 2000 in South Korea with a focus on developing and manufacturing biometric devices. Since then  the company has expanded its offerings to include a wide range of products and solutions catering to various industries. Suprema's primary goal is to provide a seamless  secure  and convenient experience for its customers. Suprema offers a comprehensive range of products and solutions that cater to various industries  including government  finance  healthcare  education  and commercial buildings.  allowing them to manage their security needs efficiently.
"SUR-LINK 5G & Telecommunications, Cabling, Communication Equipment, Data Centres, IP Communications & Applications, Telecommunication Integration & Equipment Services Sur-link specializes in the innovative line of structured cabling products and accessories  including : Copper Systems Cat.5e /Cat.6 /Cat.6A Keystone Jack  Patch Panel  Patch Cord and Faceplate  etc; Fiber Optic Systems Passive Components and Active Components as well as additional products applied in networking and telecommunications. As an ISO9001:2008 approved company  Sur-link carries out a strict quality assurance system .Every product must pass the standard tests before shipping .Combined with our powerful R&D department  we are hence proud to see some of the products have been offered with confidence of industry conformities and international quality approvals verified by CE  ETL  UL  etc. Under the guidance of the business philosophy ""Professional  Concentrative and Dedicated""  Sur-link continuously strives to create customized solutions for various demands and become the top manufacturer of structured cabling products in the world."
"SUZHOU YANJITONG NEW ENERGY TECHNOLOGY Co,,LTD Energy Tech, Data Centres, 5G & Telecommunications, Communication Equipment, Mobile Telecommunications & 5G, Telecommunication Integration & Equipment Services, Wireless, Cooling, Energy Storage Services Suzhou Yanjitong New Energy Technology Co. Ltd. is a professional manufacturer with independent R&D  production and sales departments  we have rich experience in providing outdoor cabinet  equipment room  and base station level cooling solutions for telecommunications  industrial  power  new energy and other industries. The annual production of temperature control unit is 60 000 pcs  outdoor cabinet 15 000 units. The company has passed ISO9001/14001 quality certification. With modern automated production line  the workshop include sheet metal cutting  punching  bending  welding  air conditioner assembling and cabinet assembling. We can provide OEM and customize various non-standard products. The products are certified by CE  they have been widely used by many well-know companies such as China Mobile and China Unicom  furthermore  we have successfully entered Europe  South-east Asia  Middle East  South America and the USA."
"SUZIE WATER HARVESTING COMPANY LTD 3D Printing & Printing Services, Smart Manufacturing, Design & Product Development - Industrial design, Additive Manufacturing, Industrial 3D Printing Business Overview: Company Name: Suzie Water Harvesting Co Ltd Founding Year: 2021. Location: Kira Kimwanyi-Wakiso District. Mission: Suzie Water Harvesting Co Ltd is committed to addressing the global water crisis by providing sustainable and innovative atmospheric water generation solutions that ensure access to clean and potable water for communities worldwide. Vision: To be a leading force in the water technology industry  revolutionizing water accessibility and conservation through cutting-edge atmospheric water generators and promoting environmental sustainability. Core Values: 1. Innovation: Pursuing continuous research and development to create groundbreaking solutions that set new industry standards. 2. Social Impact: Making a positive difference in the lives of communities facing water scarcity through humanitarian initiatives and partnerships."
"Swift Biz Solutions Pvt Ltd/Digit Digital Finance, Software Services, Mobile Accessories & Peripherals, Consumer Tech, Smart Home & Smart Workplace, AgriTech & FoodTech, Agri-Biometrics, Agri-Data and Analytics, Agricultural Marketplaces, AI & Nutrition, Climate-Smart Agriculture, Cloud Solutions, Data Management, Communication Equipment, Computer and Mobile Hardware, Storage & Peripherals, Electronic Equipment & Instruments (Barcode Readers, POS Machines, Etc), Smart Appliances / Gadgets, Smart Phones, Tablets / Laptops, Wearables, E-Payment Solutions, POS Machines & Payment Solutions, Accessories - Mifi Products, Devices - Smart Phones, Devices -Tablets, Mobile Applications, Mobility Enterprise Solutions Swift Biz Solutions is a prominent conglomerate operating in the IT  Telecom  Banking  Education  and Health sectors. With over two decades of experience and a widespread global presence  we are leaders in technological advancement. Our unwavering commitment to innovation has enabled us to introduce high-quality  dependable 4G & 5G products  serving a vast customer base exceeding 4 million. We are dedicated to offer affordable phones and digital solutions worldwide through our esteemed registered brand  Digit®. At Digit®  we play a pivotal role in driving global digitalization by showcasing cutting-edge and affordable products. Our recent successful launch of affordable phones in Africa through a partnership with Vodacom underscores our commitment to providing accessible and affordable products worldwide. This initiative solidifies our position as a proud Pakistani brand at the forefront of technological progress."
SWIQAT CRAFTS No categories available SWIQAT CRAFTS bridges the gap between artisans and global consumers  offering a curated marketplace for authentic   craftsmanship. Our platform addresses the challenge artisans face in reaching a wider audience and ensures fair compensation for their work. With SWIQAT CRAFTS  customers can discover unique  handcrafted treasures while supporting sustainable practices and preserving cultural heritage. We provide a seamless shopping experience and efficient logistics  delivering artisanal products worldwide in just 72 hours.
SYGMA.AI No categories available SYGMA.AI revolutionizes car claims management by leveraging AI to digitize and streamline the settlement process. By capturing mobile photos of accidents  our platform detects damages and provides accurate repair cost estimates.
"Synaptique Regulatory Technology, Big Data & Analytics, Analytics as a service, Artificial Intelligence, Dashboard, Data Analytics, Data Integration, Machine Learning, Real-Time Analytics Established in 2001 by Telecoms industry veterans  Synaptique was conceived with a clear vision — to revolutionize the telecommunications landscape through innovative solutions centered around Big Data Analytics and Artificial Intelligence (AI). Our journey has been guided by the relentless pursuit of making data the catalyst for transformative change."
"SYPEX Digital Finance, Big Data & Analytics, Digital Transformation, Real-Time Analytics, Asset Management / Personal Finance / Wealth Management, Banking Solutions, E-KYC, Forex Software, Transactional Platforms, Wealth Management Software Established in 2017 in Casablanca     SYPEX is an unshakeable fintech solutions provider with a range of services to support clients from around the MEA region. Hicham Benyahya tells us more about the firm’s clientele  “Our clients are financial market players such as trading rooms and treasury  asset management  UCITS  REIM  stock exchange brokers  custodians  asset servicers  insurance and pension funds  private banking and wealth management.” Of course  working in such a fast-paced and ever-evolving industry  with various client needs  SYPEX has to be flexible. With its client-oriented platform for service management  the company ensures it can respond to changing needs “while respecting the Service Level Agreements initially defined with them”. Its platform  as a multi-entity software suite  is ideal for OnPremise or Cloud management of business workflows front-to-back and in real time."
SZR International No categories available We have been offering display and display solutions from our modern high-tech production facilities (30 000 m²) to our global customers for over 20 years. Our production is fully certified  including ISO. SZR is spezilized in manufacturing iPhone displays for the Refurbishment & Repair market.
"TahalilAi Smart Cities, HealthTech, Artificial Intelligence, Autonomous Mobile Robots (AMRs), Chatbots / Virtual Assistant, Cognitive computing, Data Extraction, Deep Learning Platforms, Machine Learning, Natural Language Generation (NLG), Natural Language Processing (NLP), Optical character recognition (OCR), Pattern Recognition, Real time translation, Speech Recognition, Community Health Services, Healthcare Consultancy Service, Healthcare IT, Laboratory Technology, Medical Facilities, Digital Health Solutions, Smart Digitial IoT Technology, Smart Hardware Technology - Robotics, Smart Services TahalilAi is at the forefront of healthcare innovation  leveraging cutting-edge AI algorithms and NFC technology to revolutionize access to medical information. Our comprehensive platform simplifies complex medical reports  empowering users with clear insights for informed decision-making. With a commitment to enhancing healthcare accessibility  TahalilAi is dedicated to ensuring better outcomes and improving the overall healthcare experience for all."
"Taiden Education Tech, Consumer Tech, Smart Home & Smart Workplace, Audio Systems & Equipment, Communication Equipment, Digital Imaging Equipment, Headphones, Complete School Setup Solution, EdTech & Smart Classroom Solution, Smart Class Room Solution TAIDEN INDUSTRIAL CO.  LTD  established in 1996  is a high-tech enterprise specialized in R&D  manufacturing and worldwide sales of modern digital conference systems. TAIDEN has won high reputation on a global scale for its excellent quality products and high performance. TAIDEN trademark and patents have been registered in 130 countries and regions. TAIDEN products have been sold in 120 foreign countries and regions such as the USA  UK  Russia  Italy and many more. Thousands of TAIDEN installations were completed for governments  hotels  conference centers  enterprises and colleges all over the world. Some of the prestigious projects include: The United Nations Headquarters  Council of Europe (COE) Headquarters  G20 Summit  APEC Summit  IMF-World Bank Annual Meetings  ASEM Summit and the Beijing Olympic Games. By providing successful solutions for many important conferences  TAIDEN has shaped up as one of the most competitive brands in global conference system market."
Tajiri No categories available Tajiri is a SaaS application that structures and facilitates the management of restaurants in order to modernize them and make them more profitable. We enable the various players in a restaurant to record sales and monitor business data.
Talaty No categories available Talaty delivers instant AI-powered loans to African SMBs and independent professionals who often lack regular income  employing advanced AI technologies like computer vision  text analysis  and behavioral machine learning for financial scoring. This enables swift  flexible  and precise credit assessments. Our product suite includes one-shot repayment loans for SMBs with daily interest and B2B POS financing with flexible installments for professionals. Post E&D  product  and revenue  Talaty is benchmarked as 1.5 times more accurate than market leaders  revolutionizing access to financial services and promoting financial inclusivity across Africa.
Taleb IT Beratung No categories available With 7 years on the German market  we have experience helping companies from different sectors. Our strengths lie in focusing on the functional requirements of our clients and meeting deadlines. We excel in prototype-driven development (PDD) and test-driven development (TDD)  allowing us to respond to customer needs quickly and flexibly. We help businesses optimize their IT strategies and effectively utilize innovative technologies. We aim to be known as a leading IT company for excellent services and cutting-edge solutions. We offer comprehensive IT consulting services  including IT strategy consulting  technology implementation  data security  server infrastructure  and digital transformation. We have specific experience with Utimaco products  including HSM and PKI. Contact us to find out how we can help you overcome your IT challenges and achieve your business goals.
"TALI CONNECTED Internet of Things (IOT), Future Mobility & Transportation, Connected Mobility Solutions, Data, IoT, Ai,  RFID, Embedded Systems, Mobility As A Service - Maas, Sensors, Telematics & Connected Vehciles, Application Development, Connectivity Modules, Data Analytics, IoT Solutions, Sensors, Smart lighting, Wearables We’ve created the world’s first smart helmet  to deliver better visibility  greater awareness and seamless connectivity. The integrated lighting system synchronizes with a motorcycle’s turn and brake signals  making the road safer for motorcyclists and everyone around them.Our major innovation is the synchronization of our smart helmet with a motorcycle’s light. This is made possible thanks to our safety beacon which discreetly attaches to a motorcycle and seamlessly transmits data from bike to the helmet. The helmet features hand-free voice commands  connects easily to our phone app via Bluetooth and offers the peace of mind of ""I-Emergency"" which alerts motorcyclist family and friends in case of an accident. We’ve brought together a complete ecosystem of motorcycle equipment with features and benefits that have only been sold as standalone products before. Our unique value proposition is the seamless integration of our ecosystem to protect and support the world’s motorcycle community"
"Tamimah Telecom Media, Marketing & Advertising Tech, Internet of Things (IOT), Ecommerce, Cyber security, 5G & Telecommunications, Video, Application Security, Testing & Control, Endpoint Protection & Mobile Security, Intrusion Detection & Penetration Testing, eCommerce Software, Platforms, Security / Cybersecurity, Telecoms & Mobility, Web App, Design and Development, Web3 Applications, Application Development, IoT Solutions, Artificial Intelligence, Audio, Pod Casts & Video Marketing, Branding & Design, Chatbots & RPA, Customer Relationship & Experience Management - CRM & CEM, Digital Marketing, Email Marketing, Interactive Marketing, Marketing Automation, Post Production, Social Media Management & Monitoring, UX & UI Tamimah Telecom specializes in core technologies. As the first Omani company to introduce call center and SMS-based solutions  Tamimah remains at the forefront of innovation. With a growing presence in the Middle East  Tamimah is dedicated to delivering 100% value-add software  ensuring customer satisfaction. HQ in Muscat  Tamimah is a rapidly growing SME company  equipped with state-of-the-art infrastructure and a proficient technical team. Its expertise spans call center operations  SMS applications  mobile apps  IoT  and more. Tamimah is an exclusive partner of Ooredoo Oman for Mass SMS and official reseller of Bulk SMS Services. Committed to maintaining customer satisfaction  Tamimah ensures quality products and services through its stringent quality policy. Tamimah tailors unique business ideas to clients' needs  providing personalized support and employing cutting-edge technology. With extensive experience in financial app development  Tamimah stands as a trusted partner in Oman"
TAMWILCOM Incubator/Accelerator/Investment TAMWILCOM is a   limited company  governed by banking law. It benefits from 75 years in guarantee and enterprises' financing in the country and is considered as the key actor in this segment. TAMWILCOM has created strong partnerships with the financial sector to provide a set of financing mechanisms for Startups and VSMEs. The institution has developed a global product offer for the entire business lifecycle. The first part of this offer concerns the guarantee of credits for the creation  investment and operation of VSMEs  while the second one is intended for the financing  jointly with local banks  of investment and restructuring programs  in favor of projects in different sectors deemed priorities by the government. In addition  TAMWILCOM has been committed since 2017 to equity financing  startups and innovative entrepreneurs  from the idea stage to raising funds from investors  thereby contributing to give strong boost to private initiative.
"Tarana Wireless 5G & Telecommunications, Telecommunication Integration & Equipment Services, Broadband Services, Wireless Tarana’s mission is to accelerate the deployment of fast  affordable internet access around the world. Through a decade of R&D and over $400M of investment  we’ve created a unique next-generation fixed wireless access (ngFWA) technology instantiated in its first commercial platform  Gigabit 1 (G1). It delivers a game-changing advance in network economics in mainstream and underserved markets  using either licensed or unlicensed spectrum. G1 launched in mid-2021 and has been embraced by 250+ operators in 21 countries. Visit www.taranawireless.com for more on G1."
"TB-AI HealthTech, Artificial Intelligence, Cognitive computing, Pattern Recognition, Healthcare IT TB-AI  is an AI-driven diagnostic software which can swiftly diagnoses 12 infectious diseases  viz. TB  Malaria  Food poisoning  Syphilis  Bacterial vaginosis  H.Pylori  Filariasis  Chlamydia  Histoplasmosis  Cat scratch disease  Anthrax  also detects drug resistance for DR-TB & MDR-TB"
"TBA Co., Ltd. HealthTech, Medical Manufacturer, Other Business TBA's vision is to contribute to building the healthy and safe society with STH-PAS technology which enables easy genetic testing for anyone and anywhere. TBA's core business is production and sale of C-PAS  which is genetic testing strip for visual judgement used in the STH method. TBA would like to popularize this easy-to-use infectious disease-testing tool to be widely used for developing countries and TBA will try to contribute to relief of people who are exposed to higher risk of infectious disease."
"TEAL Technology Services Big Data & Analytics, Business Intelligence, Cloud Solutions, Data Analytics, Data Architecture, Data Governance, Compliance & Security, Data Infrastructure, Data Integration, Data Privacy / Protection, Data Visualisation, Data Warehouse, DataOps, Devops, Digital Transformation, Machine Learning, Operational Intelligence, Robotic Process Automation - RPA, Social Media Data, Unstructured Data, Visual Analytics Teal Technology Services is an IT consulting company created to provide and drive the ultimate customized Digital Transformation  to promote economic development and human capital. At Teal  we are consistently shaping and transforming ourselves to live up to our vision and mission. We are aiming to be the digital reinvention partner of choice. We work with our clients to reimagine and reinvent their business through new technologies."
"TEAMSEC Digital Finance, Regulatory Technology, Blockchain, Big Data & Analytics, Artificial Intelligence, Analytics as a service, Artificial Intelligence, Data Science, Artificial Intelligence, Asset Management / Personal Finance / Wealth Management, Banking Solutions, Big Data / Digitisation / Analytics, Billing / Invoicing Software, Blockchain & DLT Solutions, Data Analytics / Big Data / IoT, RegTech / Audit / Regulatory Compliance, Wealth Management Software, Cloud Solutions, Data Analytics, Data Visualisation, Machine Learning, Cryptocurrency/ ICOs/ STOs / Tokens, Cloud Solutions - Private and Public, Transactional Platforms TeamSec is a pioneering fintech based in Turkey  specializing in Securitization as a Service (SaaS). Founded in 2022  we are Türkiyes's first company to integrate artificial intelligence with cloud technology  offering innovative solutions in asset securitization. Our platform caters to financial institutions  simplifying the issuance of asset-backed securities (ABS). We enable efficient transaction execution  risk assessment  and live asset monitoring through our AI-driven analytics and robust cloud infrastructure. This technological integration allows transactions that typically take months to be completed in days  significantly reducing costs and improving transaction transparency. TeamSec is also expanding its reach to include the UK  UAE  and Saudi Arabia in the near future. Our services are designed to empower banks  investment firms  and brokerage houses to enhance their liquidity and compliance with regulatory standards  thus driving their growth and operational efficiency."
"TechAffinity Limited Software Services, Media, Marketing & Advertising Tech, Ecommerce, Web App, Design and Development, Branding & Design, Creativity & Design, Customer Relationship & Experience Management - CRM & CEM, Digital Asset Management, Digital Marketing, eCommerce Software, Social Media Management & Monitoring, Application integration and infrastructure, CRM (Customer Relationship Management) Software, Mobile Applications, Mobility Enterprise Solutions, ERP (Enterprise Resource Planning) Software TechAffinity is an IT Services and Consulting company headquartered in the USA  with regional centers in India  Rwanda  and El Salvador providing solutions to businesses across the globe. With 24+ years of IT business expertise and a workforce of over 300+ skilled IT experts  TechAffinity is renowned as the one-stop IT solution provider. Since its inception  we have been delivering unrivaled custom software solutions for startups  small businesses  medium enterprises and large corporation irrespective of their industry. Our areas of expertise include: Enterprises Scaled Applications - CMS & CRM Web Application Development - WordPress  Drupal & more! UI UX Design QA Testing eCommerce / mCommerce Development Extended Software Development Teams Mobile App Development - iOS  Android Cloud - SAAS & PAAS Digital Marketing & SEO Consulting Application Software Migration & Modernization."
"TechCabal Creative Economy, Media, Marketing & Advertising Tech, Consumer Tech, Smart Home & Smart Workplace, Email Marketing, Digital Marketing, Content Marketing, Content Creation, Branding & Design, Video, Advertising, Telecommunication TechCabal covers the business  players  and impact of tech in Africa; providing the context  reporting  data  and events to help founders  CEOs  investors  and other decision-makers understand how tech is changing Africa."
"Techlene Software Solutions Pvt. Ltd. Software Services, Internet of Things (IOT), Education Tech, Coding and Development, Big Data & Analytics, Data Analytics, Artificial Intelligence, Machine Learning, Enterprise Applications, Blockchain, Industrial IoT (IIoT) & Connectivity, Enterprise Solutions / ERP / CRM, Business Intelligence Solutions, CRM (Customer Relationship Management) Software, Data Analytics & Automation, ERP (Enterprise Resource Planning) Software, Mobile Applications, Procurement Software, Web Development, Mobility Enterprise Solutions Techlene is a Enterprise Software Development Company that delivers smart IT services and solutions to simplify working and maximize productivity for all objectives. Our team comprises of enthusiastic IT professionals with an experience of 20+ years  continuously working to help the society with the optimal use of IT for life and work. We drive digital transformation for businesses by analysing challenges and measuring professional competence. Whether start-ups or established enterprises  we serve across varied industries to assist in stupendous growth."
"Techno Exponent HealthTech, Ecommerce, Coding and Development, Blockchain, Artificial Intelligence, Chatbots / Virtual Assistant, Deep Learning Platforms, Facial / Iris Recognition, Machine Learning, Natural Language Processing (NLP), Optical character recognition (OCR), Speech Recognition, AR/VR/MR, Artificial Intelligence, Blockchain as a Service (BaaS), Cryptocurrency/ ICOs/ STOs / Tokens, Digital Collectibles / NFTs, Smart Contracts, Web3 Applications, Backend Development, Blockchain, Devops, Frontend Development, Java, Machine Learning, NFTs, Python, Web Development, eCommerce Software, eLogistics, Smart Contracts, Supply Chain Solutions, Web App, Design and Development, Web3 Applications, Healthcare IT Techno Exponent is a globally recognized IT company transforming startups  scaleups  and enterprises with cutting-edge tech solutions. With 12+ years of industry experience & a team of 400+ experts  Techno Exponent has completed 4000+ projects successfully. We have empowered 2000+ clients worldwide to launch their digital products and drive business growth through our custom development services. In addition to Web and App Development  we offer expertise in cutting-edge technologies such as Artificial Intelligence (AI)  Machine Learning (ML)  Blockchain  Cloud Solutions  Product Design  Digital Marketing  and more  as per your business needs. We are proud to be a ""CMMI Maturity Level-5"" & ""CMMI Maturity Level-3"" compliance-certified company  showcasing our unwavering commitment to quality  service  and innovation. Our ISO/IEC certifications  ""20000-1:2018"" and ""27001:2022 "" highlight our dedication to quality assurance and security management."
"TECHSO GROUP Cyber security, Anti-spam, Anti-Malware & Anti-Virus & Email Security, Application Control, Application integration and infrastructure, Application Security, Testing & Control, Applied Security, Authentication User, Biometric Authentication and PKI, Business Continuity & Disaster Recovery Planning, Cloud Security, Cryptography, Data Governance, Risk & Compliance, Digital Forensics & Incident Response, Endpoint Protection & Mobile Security, Internet of Things (IoT) Security, Intrusion Detection & Penetration Testing, Legal, Regulations, Investigations & Compliance, Network & Infrastructure Security, Operations Security, Phishing, Ransomware, Security Architecture & Design, Security Credentials, Software Development Security, Telecommunication & Network Security Our offer is structured around the following themes : Security consulting  Development and implementation of secure architectures  Deployment of cybersecurity solutions  Accompaniment to compliance with regulatory projects (PCI-DSS  PASSI  CSP SWIFT  ISO 27001  DNSSI and law 05-20  GDPR  etc.) Our consulting approach  with its global vision of cybersecurity  is aimed at both critical infrastructure operators  industrial and financial sectors that must face new threats and new regulatory and compliance constraints. The application of this doctrine is expressed through an end-to-end support offer for the security of critical systems  adapted to the market challenges and implicit in a continuous improvement cycle. We offer our clients a wide range of skills  through a team of experienced consultants and experts in the fields of cybersecurity."
"Teclast Consumer Tech, Smart Home & Smart Workplace, Computer and Mobile Hardware, Storage & Peripherals, Tablets / Laptops Shangke Group  founded in 1994  is a national high-tech enterprise. Specializing in consumer electronics  computer components and mobile accessories  we're known for our brands Teclast  MAXSUN  and SOYO  offering diverse product lines such as motherboards  graphics cards  tablets  laptops  mobile storage  and accessories. Backed by expert R&D  strong technical support  efficient supply chain management  and a dedicated sales team  we focus on innovative  competitive products and comprehensive customer services. Teclast is dedicated to the brand concept of ""To Let More People Enjoy the Digital Life"" with our comprehensive product lineup includes Tablet Loptop Mini PC AIO PC SSD and Flash Drive catering to a wide range of applications from daily use to specialized tasks. With a global market focus  Teclast leverages its technical strength and channel advantages to create a range of innovative  personalized  stable  and reliable digital products."
"TELEDYNE Networking & Infrastructure, Internet of Things (IOT), HealthTech, Future Mobility & Transportation, Coding and Development, Backend Development, Cloud Computing, Devops, Embedded System Development, Frontend Development, Web Development, Connected Mobility Solutions, Connectors, Harnesses - In-Vehicle Connectors, Control Modules & Software, Fleet & Logistics Solutions, Healthcare IT, Application Development, Industrial IoT (IIoT) & Connectivity, IoT Solutions, M2M Solutions, Network Management and Optimization, Platform Solutions, RFID, Security, Consulting System & Integration Services, Data Management Technology, Enterprise Software Application, Firewalls, Gateways, Hubs, Intrusion Detection Systems, Load Balancers, Monitoring & Management Tools, Operating Systems, Routers, Switches, Telecommunication Platforms Nos produits couvrent diverses infrastructures IT robustes destinées aux opérations tout terrain: Terminaux portables  Terminaux industrielles embarqués sur chariots  Imprimantes thermiques fixes et mobiles  Nous représentons dans ce cadre différents grands nom des technologies mobiles. TELEDYNE intègre également des solutions EMM/MDM pour la supervision et le monitoring des équipements mobiles. SOTI XSIGHT et SOTI MOBICONTROL en constituent notre offre phare  mises en place pour gérer la mobilité quand elle devient critique au sein de l'entreprise. Nous adressons le marché  ain  et de plus en plus des marchés sur l'Afrique sub-saharienne. Nos interventions tant au   que dans des pays comme le Sénégal  la Côte d'Ivoire  le Kenya  Madagascar ... etc. nous amènent à rechercher des partenaires locaux et nouer des relations d'affaires avec les entreprise IT Africaines. Nous souhaiterions vous rencontrer sur notre stand. N'hésitez pas à prendre RdV et nous rendre visite."
"TELEMACO Media, Marketing & Advertising Tech, Consumer Tech, Smart Home & Smart Workplace, Cloud Services, Coding and Development, Big Data & Analytics, Analytics as a service, Applications, Business Intelligence, Cloud Solutions, Dashboard, Data Analytics, Data Architecture, Data back-up, Data Governance, Compliance & Security, Data Management, Data Privacy / Protection, Data Visualisation, Digital Transformation, Machine Learning, Social Media Data, Visual Analytics, Analytics, Big Data & Analytics, Business Continuity, Back-up & Disaster Recovery, Cloud Management & Optimisation, Cloud Management Platform, Cloud Service Provider - CSP, Consultancy, Content Delivery & Management, Cost Management & Optimisation, Customer Relationship Management - CRM, Cybersecurity, Data as a Service - DAAS, Governance & Compliance, Internet Service Provider - ISP, IT Service Management - ITSM, Managed Service Provider - MSP, Migration, Networks, Open Source, Outsource Development, Print Management, Private Cloud, Software as a Service - SaaS, Software Defined Networking - SDN, Telecommunication, Total Solution Provider, Training or Recruitement, Artificial Intelligence, Blockchain, Cloud Computing, Data Sciences, Devops, Enterprise Applications, Gaming, Java, Machine Learning, Operating Systems Development, Video Game Development, Web Development, Automation & IoT, Computer and Mobile Hardware, Storage & Peripherals, Digital Imaging Equipment, Smart Appliances / Gadgets, Smart Security, Telecommunication, Ad Trading, AdTech, Automation, Branding & Design, Chatbots & RPA, Content Creation, Content Marketing, Creativity & Design, Creator Economy & Influencer Marketing, Customer Relationship & Experience Management - CRM & CEM, Data Analytics, Digital Asset Management, Digital Marketing, Distribution, Email Marketing, Equipment / Hardware, Event Management, Influencer Marketing, Interactive Marketing, Marketing Automation, Media Publishing, Out of Home - OOH, Performance Marketing, Personalization, Post Production, Production, Public Relations & Communications, Social Media Management & Monitoring, Tracking & Targeting (CDP, CPP), UX & UI Every problem hides an opportunity. We know how to find it. We specialize in web development and communications and provide creative solutions to companies looking to expand. Focusing on results  we use our technical (telematic)  communication (marketing) and consultancy (consulting) skills to achieve objectives. Telemaco Srl is a Web Agency that provides marketing consultancy based on the strategic use of the Web. Since 1995 (the year the Web Agency was founded) we have been working for the creation of IT platforms  management of connections between internal and peripheral networks of companies  creation of websites and platforms dedicated to delicate and high-tech services. Making use of qualified Google Advertising Professional and Fusion Marketing Specialist personnel  the Web Agency is able to optimize the resources invested in online visibility campaigns in order to increase traffic to the site of targeted users while maximizing the return on investment."
"TELENITY Cloud Services, Blockchain, Big Data & Analytics, Artificial Intelligence, 5G & Telecommunications, Billing / OSS / BSS, Mobile Telecommunications & 5G, Service Providers, Content Creation, Cloud Solutions, Data Analytics, Data Management, Mobile Technology, Artificial Intelligence, Big Data / Digitisation / Analytics, Gaming, Payments / Wallets / Exchange Gateways, Security / Cybersecurity, Telecoms & Mobility, Analytics, Big Data & Analytics, Cloud Service Provider - CSP Telenity is an industry-leading provider of state-of-the-art services and solutions for communications service providers (CSPs) around the globe. As an established and reliable technology player in the telco ecosystem with 20+ years of technological know-how  Telenity offers products and solutions to address its customers’ needs  enhance their business and help them stay ahead of the competition in the new era of 5G. We help our customers harness the power of their network with our NFV-enabled  5G-ready VAS Consolidation Platform and Digital Services Platform  both of which comprise modular products and services that can be tailored to the needs and demands of the operators. Our Enkudo Business Line connects the digital service providers and the operators  creating new streams of revenue for both and enriching the digital experience of the subscribers. It provides unparalleled flexibility in terms of the business models it offers  including revenue sharing and managed services."
TEMSCONSU (Excelitte & PMPplanner brands) No categories available We are a team of highly skilled software engineering experts to include business analysts  solution architects  computer programmers  QA  Software testers  technical project managers & business development managers. We are very innovative and use emerging technology trends to build digital products & provide related services to solve everyday business problems across various sectors  banking  construction  healthcare services  insurance  logistics  oil & gas  consulting  Local/State/Federal government. Our technical team leads  supervisors and middle level managers are some very talented innovative individuals handpicked & recruited from different parts of the world and are groomed  mentored by members of our leadership team.
"TenderCrunch Software Services, PropTech, Cyber security, Artificial Intelligence, Content Creation, Data Extraction, Machine Learning, Natural Language Generation (NLG), Natural Language Processing (NLP), Planning and Optimization, Real time translation, Data Governance, Risk & Compliance, Legal Tech, Business Process Management TenderCrunch is a cutting-edge SaaS platform that redefines how sales teams manage RFPs  RFIs  and security questionnaires. Utilizing a structured knowledge base alongside advanced AI  it streamlines the response process  significantly enhancing proposal quality and increasing win rates by 20% without the need for additional resources. This innovative combination of technology speeds up the traditionally tedious proposal process. With TenderCrunch  what used to take 10 days now takes less than 5  allowing sales teams to operate with unprecedented efficiency and effectiveness. This platform not only saves time but also improves the accuracy and competitiveness of each proposal  making it an essential tool for sales organizations aiming to excel in a dynamic market environment."
"Terra Grow No categories available TerraGrow pioneers sustainable agriculture globally. Based in the UAE with registrations in Australia  the UK  Pakistan  and the Philippines  we merge hydroponics and IoT for fresh  nutrient-rich produce. With over 10 000 Instagram followers  we're recognized for sustainability. Recently showcased at the Qatar Web Summit  we're expanding into Africa  aligned with UNSDGs. Our community engagement includes a partnership with the Rotary Club and a MoA with SuperNova for IoT integration in smart homes. Our educational platform in Sydney empowers future generations. The ""Food Replicator"" democratizes fresh produce access  making home gardening effortless with IoT. Join TerraGrow for a brighter  sustainable future."
"Terraa Retail Tech, Ecommerce, AgriTech & FoodTech, Agri-Data and Analytics, Agricultural Marketplaces, Data Management, Food Losses & Waste, Supply Chain Management, eCommerce Software, Platforms, Supply Chain Solutions, Data & Analytics - Business Intelligence, E-commerce & M-commerce - Click & Collect Solutions, E-commerce & M-commerce - Content Management Systems, E-commerce & M-commerce - Digital Shopper Analytics & Engagement, E-commerce & M-commerce - E-Commerce Platforms, E-commerce & M-commerce - Mobile Commerce, Merchandise Planning & Inventory Management - Forecasting, Merchandise Planning & Inventory Management - Inventory Management, Merchandise Planning & Inventory Management - Merchandise Management & Master Data Management, Merchandise Planning & Inventory Management - Merchandise, Content & Assortment Planning, Merchandise Planning & Inventory Management - Product Lifecycle Management, Merchandise Planning & Inventory Management - Smart Labels, Payments - Cash Management, Store Operations - Automation, Store Operations - Queuing Management, Supply Chain & Logistics - Automation, Supply Chain & Logistics - Delivery & Returns, inc. Final Mile, Supply Chain & Logistics - ERP Terraa transforms agricultural value chains by utilizing advanced technology and its digitally native franchise network  sourcing produce directly from farmers and bypassing intermediaries. This approach effectively combats price inflation  uplifts farmers  and minimizes waste. Terraa pioneers the premier franchise chain for fresh produce powered by digital tools and AI to offer real-time data  forecast demand  and optimize operations  resulting in fresher  higher-quality products at prices 15% below market averages  enhancing the overall customer experience. Farmers benefit from increased earnings and a steady demand for their goods. In addition to providing economic benefits  Terraa is also committed to sustainability. Its platform reduces food waste and lowers greenhouse gas emissions  freshwater usage  and land usage  contributing to a more environmentally-friendly food supply chain."
"Thales Big Data & Analytics, Business Intelligence, Cloud Solutions, Data Analytics, Data back-up, Data Governance, Compliance & Security, Data Infrastructure, Data Integration, Data Management, Digital Transformation In today’s digital landscape  organizations rely on Thales to protect what matters most - applications  data  identities  and software. Trusted globally  Thales safeguards organizations against cyber threats and secures sensitive information and all paths to it — in the cloud  data centers  and across networks. Thales offers platforms that reduce the risks and complexities of protecting applications  data  identities and software  all aimed at empowering organizations to operate securely in the digital landscape. By leveraging Thales's solutions  businesses can transition to the cloud with confidence  meet compliance requirements  optimize software usage  and deliver exceptional digital experiences to their users worldwide."
THATWARE LLP No categories available ThatWare is an innovative agency specializing in advanced SEO techniques powered by artificial intelligence. They focus on blending SEO with AI and data science to unlock complex search engine algorithms  claiming a portfolio of over 753 unique AI SEO algorithms. Recognized globally  ThatWare aims to provide faster results  adapt to Google's algorithm changes  and enhance customer journeys and user experiences through AI-driven strategies. Their services range from advanced digital marketing to fully managed SEO  aiming to elevate online businesses to new heights
"The KYB Regulatory Technology, Networking & Infrastructure, Data Centres, Big Data & Analytics, 3D Printing & Printing Services, Research & Development, Analytics as a service, Data Analytics, Data Infrastructure, Structured Data, Data Analytics & Automation, Data Building & Verification, Data Centre Next Generation, Data Warehousing, Innovation Data Centre Design, Servers & Hardware, Data Management Technology World's largest and most accurate primary data source for companies verification. Our Know Your Business (KYB) verification platform offers streamlined solutions for business identity verification  risk assessment  and automated business onboarding. Utilize The KYB's proprietary data-as-a-service model to verify businesses and conduct adequate corporate due diligence with access to official registries from 250+ countries & states."
Tilatopia Artificial Green Island No categories available Tilatopia  a social enterprise on Lake Kivu  tackles plastic pollution with eco-innovation. Their flagship project: a floating island made from recycled plastic bottles  integrates renewable energy  fish farming  and permaculture. They also use drones for waste collection and solar-powered boats for transport. Tilatopia empowers communities and promotes sustainable development.
"Tiresias Digital Finance, Software Services, Retail Tech, Coding and Development, Enterprise Applications, Frontend Development, Web Development, Banking Solutions, Developer Tools / Platforms, E-KYC, Customer Experience & Retention - CRM Systems, Customer Experience & Retention - Customer Contact Centres, Data & Analytics - Business Intelligence, Application integration and infrastructure, Business Intelligence Solutions, Business Process Management, CRM (Customer Relationship Management) Software, Data Analytics & Automation In Tiresias  we are committed to continuous innovation. We believe in and adopt scientific approaches  encourage ideas with no limits  conduct deep explorations  take systematic paths to address whatever we are up to. Tiresias is primarily a software house. We are determined to re-present software technology as an enabler to become more enabling: a pleasant tool  easy to adopt  quick to deploy  rich to deep dive  resilient to rely on  secure to trust  smart to drive  and significantly cost efficient. Our Technology Theatre is multi-platform and is an industry agnostic over which numerous business platforms  customer journeys and use cases of any kind can be built for organization's internal use cognitively and for them as a player in the wide cross-market ecosystems."
"TOOL CONSULTING Software Services, Retail Tech, Education Tech, Ecommerce, Cloud Services, Big Data & Analytics, Cloud Service Provider - CSP, Customer Relationship Management - CRM, Enterprise Resource Planning - ERP, ERP / Business Management, Artificial Intelligence & IOT, Enterprise Solutions / ERP / CRM, Customer Experience & Retention - CRM Systems, Customer Experience & Retention - Customer Contact Centres, Customer Experience & Retention - Loyalty Programmes, Merchandise Planning & Inventory Management - Electronic Data Interchange or EDI, Merchandise Planning & Inventory Management - Forecasting, Merchandise Planning & Inventory Management - Merchandise, Content & Assortment Planning, Merchandise Planning & Inventory Management - Product Lifecycle Management, Supply Chain & Logistics - Automation, Supply Chain & Logistics - Delivery & Returns, inc. Final Mile, Supply Chain & Logistics - ERP, CRM (Customer Relationship Management) Software, ERP (Enterprise Resource Planning) Software, Finance & Accounting Software, Procurement Software TOOL Consulting stands as a premier Partner of Microsoft Business Solutions based in Casablanca     boasting an extensive portfolio of global projects since 2012. Our distinguished team of highly skilled engineers specializes in delivering top-tier consulting and implementation services across the entire Dynamics 365 solutions spectrum  encompassing Finance  Supply Chain Management (SCM)  Project Operations  Business Central  Sales  Customer Service  Field Service  and Marketing. Leveraging the robust capabilities of the Microsoft Power platform  we empower our clientele to harness their data through Power BI  streamline operations  and enhance productivity with PowerApps and Power Automate. With a proven track record  we have garnered the confidence of numerous partners and end customers across Europe. Our mission revolves around facilitating our clients' capacity to execute projects punctually  uphold superior quality standards  and achieve cost efficiency."
"TOPVIEW SRL Unmanned Aerial Vehicles (Drones), Internet of Things (IOT), Energy Tech, Blockchain, AgriTech & FoodTech, IoT, Precision Agriculture, Rural Connectivity, UAV, Robotics & Drones, Water Management, Blockchain as a Service (BaaS), Metaverse, Research & Development, Smart Contracts, Energy Storage Services, Energy Storage Systems, Energy Storage Technologies, Solar Energy, Industrial IoT (IIoT) & Connectivity, IoT Solutions, M2M Solutions, Robotics, Telemetry Born in 2013 as a high tech Innovative start-up initially focused on the development of proprietary drones  today TopView adopts a broader strategy  by engaging in: - Tracking Service for drones in the UTM domain; - Authenticated tracking solutions with legal value for future drone applications as Advanced Air Mobility (i.e. Parcel Delivery  Air Taxi ...) - IoT and Drones technologies for the optimization of business processes  designing both the entire turn-key solution and specific sensors to be integrated with existing systems. - Unmanned Traffic Management (UTM) and digital aviation with digital products and services for the management and navigation of drones in the VLL airspace. Products and Services offered: - Pollicino UTM Box (IoT Tracking solution for drones and assets) - Legal Recording services for the UTM (Blockchain technology) - Drone Operations - Engineering services"
"Torque IT Education Tech, Animation & Simulation, Artificial Intelligence & IOT, Audio Visual Equipment & Resources, Blended learning, Certification & Licensing, Coaching and mentoring, Collaborative learning and technology, Complete School Setup Solution, Content development and design, Content libraries, Didactics System & Pneumatics, EdTech & Smart Classroom Solution, Educational Loan & Financial Services, Educational Support & Other Service, Educational Tour Organizer, Enterprise Solutions / ERP / CRM, Game Based Learning Programs & Simulations, Hardware Resources, HR systems and services, ICT / Digital Language Lab, Immersive technologies - Virtual, Augmented, Mixed Realities - VR, AR, MR, Institute Marketing & Branding Services, Interactive Boards / Touch Panels, Learning Improvement Tech & Devices, Learning strategy, Managed services and outsourcing, Management and business skills, Organisational strategy and development, Performance management, Presentation equipment, Publishing & E-Content / Digital Library, School Supplies & Educational Aid, Smart Class Room Solution, Sporting Infrastructure, STEAM Education & Robotics, Talent and human capital management, Training centre resources, Training materials, Translation services, Transport – School Bus/ Logistics, Video for learning, Virtual classroom technology and services, Vocational Training – Software & Hardware Torque IT  Africa's top ICT training provider for over 26 years  delivers cutting-edge technology courses  training over 15 000 students yearly. Offering 380+ courses across 38 partners  including Pearson VUE testing centers  it's a hub for tech certifications. Strategic alliances with leading vendors ensure up-to-date training  covering Cybersecurity  Cloud  Big Data  and AI. Backed by a Center of Excellence (COE)  Torque IT partners with Synrgise for online learning management  aligning programs with South Africa's 4IR objectives  crucial for preparing youth for the evolving job landscape."
"TOUCH AND PAY TECHNOLOGIES LIMITED Big Data & Analytics, Data Analytics Touch and Pay Technologies Limited is a passionate new-age IT service company dedicated to quality and innovation at a highly competitive cost  employing processes and methodologies that increase efficiency. We integrate digital technology services to help communicate ideas  products  services  and information through end-to-end business solutions from concept  prototyping  production  quality checking  and product launches to maintenance by leveraging the NFC (Near Field Communication) technology."
"ToumAI Analytics Digital Finance, Retail Tech, Cloud Services, Big Data & Analytics, Artificial Intelligence, Chatbots / Virtual Assistant, Data Extraction, Machine Learning, Natural Language Generation (NLG), Natural Language Processing (NLP), Pattern Recognition, Predictive APIs, Speech Recognition, Artificial Intelligence, Business Intelligence, Dashboard, Data Analytics, Data Management, Data Mining, Data Science, Data Visualisation, Deep Learning, Extract, transform, load - ETL, Machine Learning, Natural Language Processing - NLP, Open Source, Operational Intelligence, Python, Real-Time Analytics, Social Media Data, Text Analytics, Unstructured Data, Analytics, Big Data & Analytics, Customer Relationship Management - CRM, Artificial Intelligence, Big Data / Digitisation / Analytics, Customer Experience & Retention - AI & Machine Learning, Customer Experience & Retention - Chatbots, Customer Experience & Retention - Customer Contact Centres, Data & Analytics - Big Data Analytics & Insights, Data & Analytics - Business Intelligence, E-commerce & M-commerce - User Experience & UX Design ToumAI Analytics delivers a multilingual Unified Customer Experience (CX) SaaS platform tailored for emerging markets. This all-in-one solution efficiently consolidates fragmented customer data from diverse sources (call centers  surveys  chat  social media..)  enabling businesses and organizations to capture  analyze  and act on valuable customer insights. Designed to support multiple African languages  our platform ensures comprehensive understanding and engagement across various demographics. By streamlining data collection & analysis with Gen-AI  ToumAI Analytics enhances decision-making  boosts customer satisfaction to reduce churn  providing a strategic edge in emerging markets. Trustworthy and user-friendly  our platform prioritizes data privacy and continuous improvement through direct feedback channels. Our unique pricing model and operational efficiencies ensure unparalleled value. Discover how ToumAI can transform your business—connect with us today."
"TP-Link MEA FZE Networking & Infrastructure, Routers, Switches Founded in 1996  TP-Link is a key player in the WiFi network products and solutions market. Recognized for the reliability of its products  the company has been a world leader in the market for local area network (WLAN) and modem/router (CPE)* devices for more than 9 years. TP-Link distributes its products in more than 170 countries  and hundreds of millions of users benefit from a high-performance network daily around the world. The DNA of the TP-Link group: reliability and performance at the best price."
"TransNumerik Software Services, Networking & Infrastructure, Cyber security, Cloud Services, Artificial Intelligence, AI-optimized Hardware, Chatbots / Virtual Assistant, Deep Learning Platforms, Machine Learning, Natural Language Processing (NLP), Neural Networks, Predictive APIs, Real time translation, Applications including Development, Deployment & Design, Business Continuity, Back-up & Disaster Recovery, Cloud Management Platform, Cloud Service Provider - CSP, Colocation, Consultancy, Cost Management & Optimisation, Customer Relationship Management - CRM, Cybersecurity, Data as a Service - DAAS, DevOps, Enterprise Resource Planning - ERP, Governance & Compliance, Hosting, Infrastructure as a Service - IaaS, IT Service Management - ITSM, Managed Service Provider - MSP, Migration, Networks, Platform as a Service - PaaS, Private Cloud, Public Cloud, Secure Access Service Edge - SASE, Software as a Service - SaaS, Software Defined Networking - SDN, Unified Communications, Virtualization, Workload Management, Anti-spam, Anti-Malware & Anti-Virus & Email Security, Application integration and infrastructure, Application Security, Testing & Control, Applied Security, Authentication User, Biometric Authentication and PKI, Business Continuity & Disaster Recovery Planning, Cloud Security, Data Governance, Risk & Compliance, Endpoint Protection & Mobile Security, Internet of Things (IoT) Security, Intrusion Detection & Penetration Testing, Legal, Regulations, Investigations & Compliance, Network & Infrastructure Security, Operations Security, Phishing, Ransomware, Security Architecture & Design, Security Credentials, Software Development Security, Telecommunication & Network Security, Data Management Technology, Domain Name Systems, Enterprise Software Application, Firewalls, Intrusion Detection Systems, Load Balancers, Monitoring & Management Tools, Operating Systems, Business Intelligence Solutions, Business Process Management, CRM (Customer Relationship Management) Software, Data Analytics & Automation, ERP (Enterprise Resource Planning) Software, HR Tech, Mobile Applications, Mobility Enterprise Solutions, Procurement Software, VOIP Solutions TransNumerik is a One Stop Shop for cutting-edge digitalization solutions. Our value propositions are: - Cybersecurity: Fortify your digital fortress with our cutting-edge cybersecurity solutions. Explore robust strategies  threat detection  and risk mitigation to safeguard your business in an ever-evolving digital landscape. Your defense against cyber threats starts here. - Digital Transformation: Harness the power of innovation and efficiency for a future-ready enterprise. Explore our services for a seamless journey into the digital era.? - Artificial Intelligence: Experience the future with our AI solutions. From intelligent automation to advanced analytics  unlock the potential of artificial intelligence for unparalleled insights and efficiency. - Strategic Counseling: Unlock IT excellence with our strategic consulting services. Transform your business with tailored IT strategies for sustained success."
"TRASSIR Software Services, Cloud Services, Artificial Intelligence, AI-optimized Hardware, Analytics, Business Intelligence Solutions TRASSIR has been involved in development  manufacture and supply of professional video surveillance systems since 2002  and it is one of the recognized leaders in the industry that has earned the reputation of a reliable partner on domestic and international market. TRASSIR has huge experience in development and implementation of CCTV systems for problems of different scales and huge range of industries including strategically important state facilities. large government agencies  industrial and retail companies  financial institutions  commercial companies  banks and private clients have entrusted us their safety: we have carried out tens of thousands of installations since 2002. Regular promotions and flexible price policy give opportunities to purchase many TRASSIR products at special prices."
"Trend Micro Networking & Infrastructure, Cyber security, Cloud Services, Cloud Management & Optimisation, Cloud Management Platform, Cloud Service Provider - CSP, Cybersecurity, DevOps, Governance & Compliance, Hybrid, Infrastructure as a Service - IaaS, Managed Service Provider - MSP, Migration, Networks, Private Cloud, Professional Services, Public Cloud, Software as a Service - SaaS, Virtualization, Anti-spam, Anti-Malware & Anti-Virus & Email Security, Applied Security, Cloud Security, Data Governance, Risk & Compliance, Endpoint Protection & Mobile Security, Internet of Things (IoT) Security, Intrusion Detection & Penetration Testing, Network & Infrastructure Security, Phishing, Ransomware, Software Development Security, Telecommunication & Network Security, Firewalls, Monitoring & Management Tools Trend Micro  a global cybersecurity leader  helps make the world safe for exchanging digital information. Fueled by decades of security expertise  global threat research  and continuous innovation  our cybersecurity platform protects 500 000+ organizations and 250+ million individuals across clouds  networks  devices  and endpoints. As a leader in cloud and enterprise cybersecurity  our platform delivers central visibility for better  faster detection and response and a powerful range of advanced threat defense techniques optimized for environments like AWS  Microsoft  and Google. We have 7 000 employees  including our seasoned executive team and globally recognized security experts across 65 countries  fiercely focused on security and passionate about making the world a safer and better place."
"Trigger Reports Space Tech, Smart Cities, Big Data & Analytics, AgriTech & FoodTech, Climate-Smart Agriculture, Geo Data, Geo-Spatial Data, Government Authorities & Municipalities Triggers-Reports is a startup specializing in spatial data analysis and satellite image visualization. Founded in 2022  and based in Ivory Coast and Mauritius  the startup Triggers-Reports is committed to providing advanced technological solutions to help businesses  governments and institutions leverage spatial data to make decisions strategic and operational. Whether for environmental monitoring  natural resource management  urban mapping or infrastructure monitoring  Triggers-Sat offers a complete and effective solution to its users."
"TrueConf Networking & Infrastructure, Education Tech, Cloud Services, 5G & Telecommunications, Video, Communication Equipment, Unified Communications, Virtual classroom technology and services, Enterprise Software Application, Telecommunication Platforms TrueConf develops a powerful ecosystem consisting of server solutions for IT infrastructure  all-in-one apps for desktops and mobiles  meeting room systems and endpoints  taking into account all trends and demands of the global UC&C market. One of the main focuses is the autonomy and protection from external threats  while maintaining all the features of cloud-based services. The company offers on-premises  security-focused solutions that operate autonomously in the IT infrastructure of any company. TrueConf products correspond to the tasks of government facilities  critical infrastructure organizations  and large enterprises. TrueConf provides the customers deep integration into the company's business processes: a powerful 4K video conferencing system with a user-friendly address book  AI-based features  a built-in team messenger  integration with PBX systems  an integrated webinar platform  and various tools for remote collaboration."
"Truism Digital Finance, Incubator/Accelerator/Investment, Blockchain, Artificial Intelligence, AgriTech & FoodTech, Agriculture 4.0 (Crop Production and Livestock), Alternative Proteins, Climate-Smart Agriculture, Supply Chain Management, Agri-Data and Analytics, Agricultural Marketplaces, Organic Agriculture, Soil Plant Health, Machine Learning, Optical character recognition (OCR), Pattern Recognition, Planning and Optimization, Predictive APIs, Real time translation, Artificial Intelligence, Payments / Wallets / Exchange Gateways, Intelligent Supply Chain, Artificial Intelligence, Asset Management / Personal Finance / Wealth Management, Billing / Invoicing Software, Digital Lending, E-Commerce Solutions, E-Payment Solutions, Education & Training, Enterprise Software / Operating Systems, Fund Raising and Investment We are re-defining Food Security; building resilience to climate change for smallholder farmers in sub-Saharan Africa; Growing pulses  by doing this we are bridging the gap between  food processors  the urban and peri-urban communities challenges to Sourcing premium pulses (Legumes); As we farm  we heal the land and we are feeding the world. Join us as we champion this movement of regenerative agriculture."
"Truzo Digital Finance, Coding and Development, Blockchain, Big Data & Analytics, Artificial Intelligence, Facial / Iris Recognition, Forex Software, E-Wallets, E-Payment Solutions, E-KYC, E-Commerce Solutions, Mobile Technology, Digital Payment, Real-Time Analytics, Digital Lending, Blockchain as a Service (BaaS), Infrastructure and  Development, Payments / Wallets / Exchange Gateways, Smart Contracts, Intelligent Supply Chain, Blockchain, Card Issuance and Management, Banking Solutions, Identity / Trust / Authentication, Open Banking / API, RegTech / Audit / Regulatory Compliance Derived from the words  Trust and Zone  you can think of Truzo as your personal or business Trust Zone when buying or selling products and services. We’re a dynamic payment platform enhancing trust in transactions and addressing a critical need in the market. Our purpose is to spur economic growth and prosperity across Africa and we’re on a mission to build trust in Africa’s fast growing digital economy. Our digital escrow payment platform utilizes cutting-edge technology to secure cross border trade. Acting as an independent escrow service provider  Truzo holds a buyer's funds securely and only releases payment upon successful delivery of the product or service by the seller. We’re a secure platform for buyers and sellers. Post our FCA approval  we’ve extended our service offering to include neo banking services like multi-currency digital wallets  remittances  payments & receipts."
"TTH Company Smart Cities, Internet of Things (IOT), Future Mobility & Transportation, Education Tech, Consumer Tech, Smart Home & Smart Workplace, Automation & IoT, Audio Systems & Equipment, Communication Equipment, Computer and Mobile Hardware, Storage & Peripherals, Digital Imaging Equipment, In-Vehicle Electronics, Office Automation & Equipment, Smart Appliances / Gadgets, Smart Security, Telecommunication, Video Systems & Equipment, Wearables, Audio Visual Equipment & Resources, Collaborative learning and technology, EdTech & Smart Classroom Solution, Educational Support & Other Service, Interactive Boards / Touch Panels, Learning Improvement Tech & Devices, Presentation equipment, Security & Safety Devices, Smart Class Room Solution, Transport – School Bus/ Logistics, Virtual classroom technology and services, ADAS or Advanced Driver Assistance Systems Camera System, ADAS or Advanced Driver Assistance Systems ECU, ADAS or Advanced Driver Assistance Systems Sonar, ADAS or Advanced Driver Assistance Systems Radar, Autonomous Vehicles / Systems, Bus Technology, Chargers - EV Quick Chargers, Connected Mobility Solutions, Data, IoT, Ai,  RFID, Embedded Systems, Fleet & Logistics Solutions, Fleet Management, Intelligent Transportation Solutions (ITS), Public Safety & Security, Sensors, Sensors, Radars & Cameras, Smart & Connected Parking, Smart Grids & Metering, Industrial IoT (IIoT) & Connectivity, Building Technology & Innovation, Education Technology Solutions, ICT, Mobility & Transport, PV Components (Cables, Connectors, Safety & Security Solutions, Smart Building & Infrastructure & Materials, Smart Digitial IoT Technology, Smart Hardware Technology - Robotics, Transport Infrastructure Based in Tangier     TTH COMPANY is a leader in the import/export and distribution of advanced security and display solutions. With over a decade of expertise  we provide comprehensive support from needs analysis to implementation  ensuring a smarter  safer environment for businesses across   and Africa. Our strength lies in integrating cutting-edge AI technologies  collaborating with top brands like Unilumin  Lampro  Dahua  Imou  Bunka  and Seagate to tailor innovative solutions to our clients' specific needs. Our own brand  TT Link  showcases our commitment to innovation  offering customized solutions that anticipate market trends. At TTH COMPANY  we build lasting partnerships based on trust  quality  and excellence  propelling our clients towards success with cutting-edge solutions that shape the future of   and Africa."
"TYT Consumer Tech, Smart Home & Smart Workplace, Communication Equipment TYT Electronics boasts of 20year experience in two-way radio manufacture. We offer in-house design and production service of shells  antennas  keypads and more. Our 30 R&D engineers have ten years of industry experience on average  and most of them have worked for well-known enterprises like Kenwood and Marantz. We use state-of-the-art machines for R&D such as signal generators  HP network analyzers  RF testing machines and more. We have our own molding factory to offer customized samples for you. And our in-house molding development ensures both prompt delivery and reliable quality. By now we have 20 models for your selection. Our QC team consists of over 25 members with eight years of experience on average. They carry out strict tests at every step. We offer a one-year warranty for our products."
"Ubicentrex Software Services, Internet of Things (IOT), HealthTech, Cloud Services, 5G & Telecommunications, Data Centres, IP Communications & Applications, Mobile Telecommunications & 5G, Cloud Service Provider - CSP, Data as a Service - DAAS, DevOps, Software as a Service - SaaS, Healthcare Consultancy Service, Healthcare IT, Artificial Intelligence, Cloud Services, CRM (Customer Relationship Management) Software, Mobile Applications, VOIP Solutions Software and telephony for call centers and hotlines. Ubicentrex develops an all-in-one solution that is constantly evolving. It's a business communications service that combines the traditional features of a private branch exchange (PBX) with the flexibility and scalability of cloud-based solutions. It's a virtual phone system that enables businesses to manage their communications infrastructure more efficiently."
Ucopia by Weblib No categories available Ucopia  part of the weblib group is an innovation powerhouse. The company creates digital solutions to help organisations connect with their audiences. An expert in the design and implementation of customised solutions  Ucopia works with all sectors of activity  private and public  to secure and facilitate their Wi-Fi connections and improve the day-to-day lives of users through appropriate digital tools. Ucopia offers several distinct ranges that can manage from 30 to 200 000 terminals connected simultaneously  and are very easy to install in the network infrastructure. The weblib group also offers complementary solutions for digitising its venues : - Smart Wifi a cloud solution featuring advanced captive portals with access management. - Tab in Store a Mobile Device Management solution for administering tablets in SaaS mode. - Smilein a web app solution for mobile ordering and payment  as well as a room directory  digital room service and much more.
"UltraTeb HealthTech, Dealers and Distributors Healthcare, Healthcare Consultancy Service, Laboratory Facilities, Medical Facilities, Medical Manufacturer UltraTeb is a fintech B2B e-commerce platform revolutionizing the healthcare supply chain by directly connecting vendors with medical entities. It simplifies the procurement process  offers transparent pricing  and provides innovative financing options like BNPL to enhance affordability and accessibility in healthcare. UltraTeb operates with a mission to make medical supplies more efficient  cost-effective  and accessible to healthcare providers worldwide  particularly in underserved regions like Africa."
"UM6P Incubator/Accelerator/Investment, HealthTech, Energy Tech, Coding and Development, AgriTech & FoodTech, Adaptive Irrigation, Agri-Biometrics, Agri-Data and Analytics, Biotechnology, Clean label management, Climate-Smart Agriculture, Equipment for Vertical farming and Rooftop Farming, Fertilizer and Fertilizer Technology, IoT, Mechanization, Personalized foods technologies, Renewable Energy, Rural Connectivity, Smart Farming and Connectivity, Supply Chain Management, UAV, Robotics & Drones, Water Management, Artificial Intelligence, Backend Development, Blockchain, Cloud Computing, Data Sciences, Frontend Development, Java, Machine Learning, Python, Web Development, Bioenergy, Energy Storage Systems, Energy Storage Technologies, Smart Grids, Solar Energy, Wind Energy, Community Health Services, Laboratory Facilities, Laboratory Technology, Medical Education Institute, Medical Facilities University Mohammed VI Polytechnic (UM6P) is a   university oriented towards education and research  with strong links to industry  business  and innovation. The university commits itself to empowering a new generation of talents that will build and lead the future of Africa. It has a total of 5684 students  including 721 PhD students  with a research and academic community representing 33 nationalities. UM6P sets sight on responding to the various needs of African economies. From its main campus in Benguerir  near Marrakech  and its branches in Rabat  Laayoune and Paris  the university offers a new kind of learning environment  inspiring innovation and entrepreneurship through its Living Labs and peer-to-peer learning philosophy. With academic departments and research programs spanning science and technology  business and management  humanities  and medicine  and based on a research solving-problem approach  UM6P is designed to benefit not only Africa  but the world as well."
Umm Al Quwain Free Trade Zone No categories available UAQ Free Trade Zone – a fast-growing logistics and business hub in the MENA region - is the Business Licensing Authority of the UAE emirate of Umm Al Quwain. • Modern & investor-friendly rules & regulations • 30 Mins from Dubai • Hi-tech facilities including offices  warehouses & land • Close to 2 Intl. Airports & Major Sea Ports The UAQFTZ is reputed as a great ecosystem for SMEs and microbusinesses  and continuously incentivizes its offerings to boost business continuity for its investors.
"Uncia Software Services, Networking & Infrastructure, Cyber security, Cloud Services, Artificial Intelligence, Data Extraction, Software as a Service - SaaS, Security Architecture & Design, Consulting System & Integration Services, Application integration and infrastructure, Pattern Recognition, Analytics, Cloud Management & Optimisation, Cybersecurity, IT Service Management - ITSM, Application Control, Business Continuity & Disaster Recovery Planning, Cloud Security, Legal, Regulations, Investigations & Compliance, Network & Infrastructure Security, Operations Security, Data Management Technology, Enterprise Software Application, Monitoring & Management Tools When the IS goes  business follows. Uncia allows to create the technical documentation of your Information System in order to get the full mapping of it. Uncia is tailored for IT teams  it compiles user-provided data with information sourced from various databases (CMDB  Cloud environment  ITSM  orchestrator  etc.). Rigorous compliance checks are automatically performed to ensure adherence to security and design standards. Ultimately  Uncia centralizes all technical information  including applications  infrastructure and technologies  offering map-like views showcasing components  interactions and dependencies for easy comprehension by all stakeholders. Uncia is collaborative and includes review and validation workflows  making all teams involved. Say goodbye to the hand-made documentation which is not sustainable and impossible to maintain. With Uncia  you obtain an Information System under control  easy to understand and ready to become the enabler of your business."
"Unfrauded Digital Finance, Coding and Development, Big Data & Analytics, Artificial Intelligence, Data Extraction, Deep Learning Platforms, Machine Learning, Natural Language Generation (NLG), Natural Language Processing (NLP), Neural Networks, Optical character recognition (OCR), Pattern Recognition, Analytics as a service, Apache Kafka, Applications, Artificial Intelligence, Business Intelligence, Dashboard, Data Analytics, Data Architecture, Data Governance, Compliance & Security, Data Integration, Data Lake, Data Management, Data Mining, Data Privacy / Protection, Data Science, Data Visualisation, Data Warehouse, DataOps, Deep Learning, Devops, Artificial Intelligence, Backend Development, InsureTech At Unfrauded  we're pioneering the industry with our revolutionary AI models  specializing in fraud detection for car insurance  claim management  and health insurance. Our advanced solutions set the standard for accuracy and reliability  ensuring insurance companies stay ahead in combating fraudulent activities while upholding trust and integrity."
"Upper Silesian Fund SA Software Services, Business Process Management, Data Analytics & Automation, ERP (Enterprise Resource Planning) Software The Upper Silesian Fund is a leading business institution in the Silesia Region of Poland  supporting the region's economic development  particularly in the field of innovation. The Fund develops and offers modern financial and non-financial tools to enhance the growth of micro  small  and medium enterprises. The main goal of the company is to improve access to funding for innovative projects  assist in the development of businesses in their early and subsequent stages  and facilitate their expansion into international markets. Our team of experts provides guidance to Silesian entrepreneurs seeking to enter foreign markets  establish connections with foreign companies  and initiate collaborations between Polish and international businesses operating abroad. Additionally  the Fund assists foreign entrepreneurs in finding investment opportunities and potential business partners in the Silesia Region."
UPTIMISE No categories available Simplify and save time with our automated HR & Payroll platform A single platform to automate your payroll and all your HR processes. You save time on your HR and payroll processes  and improve the quality of working life for your employees. Compliant Our Uptimise software automatically integrates your country's social rules  laws and legal developments  with support from our experts and legal advisors through your dedicated manager. Simple & Reliable Our simple  intuitive HR and Payroll management software guides you through the process with help messages and alerts  directly from your Uptimise interface. Secured All data and documents are secure thanks to a powerful encryption system and unique access for each user. The platform complies with ISO/IEC 27001 requirements.
"UPXP Africa Software Services, Retail Tech, Media, Marketing & Advertising Tech, Ecommerce, Cloud Services, Software as a Service - SaaS, eCommerce Software, Customer Experience & Retention - Loyalty Programmes, Payments - POS Payments, Marketing Automation, Mobile Applications UPXP is a startup that aims to empower restaurant owners by freeing them from intermediaries who take 30% of their revenue and force restaurants to pass this cost onto consumers. UPXP provides technology that connects consumers and delivery personnel directly with restaurants. The OPENFLOW solution developed by UPXP allows restaurateurs to easily manage reservations  orders  deliveries  their loyalty program  their website  and marketing from a single dashboard. Additionally  UPXP rewards consumers with cryptocurrency for ordering directly from restaurants without using reservation or ordering platforms. OPENFLOW also offers table ordering and payment."
"Urban ByKch Future Mobility & Transportation, Micromobility & E-Mobility Urban Bykch is a dynamic company  created from a mix of Amsterdam cycling culture and   roots. Founded by two Amsterdam entrepreneurs with   background  the company reflects the vibrant energy and innovative character of Amsterdam  Urban Bykch embodies the essence of the Amsterdam way of life. This innovative company strives to promote sustainability and equality of opportunity in micromobility. It caters to both tourists and locals  with the aim of providing an affordable  accessible and healthy way to get around. By offering micromobility  Urban Bykch contributes to a greener  healthier community and emphasizes the importance of sustainable living in urban environments."
"URBI Smart Cities, Building Technology & Innovation, Mobility & Transport, Smart Services, Transport Infrastructure, Urban Planning Developers, Consultancy & Project Management Urbi is a geo-platform that brings all necessary data  algorithms for its usage  and products to solve any business challenges related to mapping  location data  navigation  and spatial analysis. Urbi is a data creator  not a data aggregator."
"VALE.CV PropTech, Networking & Infrastructure, Media, Marketing & Advertising Tech, Ecommerce, Data Centres, Co-location, Training, Transportation, Platforms, Content Marketing, Digital Marketing, Event Management, Public Relations & Communications, Bridges, Marketplaces VALE.CV is an innovative startup that acts as an intermediary aggregator offering a wide variety of activities and services in Cape Verde. The main objective is to shorten the distance between those looking for unique experiences and the diverse offer available in the country. VALE.CV operates through various channels to meet the individual needs of each client. This includes providing personalized activity plans for individual clients and fulfilling requests from companies looking for group activities or benefits for their employees. But the main channel is the VALE.CV platform (website)  where customers can explore all the offers available with exclusive discounts in a variety of partner establishments  including restaurants  spas  hotels and much more. It works by selling vouchers  giving customers the opportunity to buy from the comfort of their own home and enjoy their experiences easily and whenever they want."
"Valify solutions Digital Finance, Software Services, Ecommerce, Blockchain, Smart Contracts, Banking Solutions, E-KYC, Smart Contracts, Application integration and infrastructure Valify is an Egyptian Reg-tech developer of identity verification solutions. Our cutting-edge AI technology will ease access to services for individuals and help businesses automate their operations and identity validation processes  as well as help Egypt reach its financial inclusion goals. Valify’s services are the first Egyptian in-house-built model  giving it the capabilities to be tailored to the Egyptian market needs. We assist organizations in automating their onboarding processes and meeting regulatory compliance requirements  including KYC and AML. Our suite of services includes Optical Character Recognition (OCR)  Data Validation  Facial Recognition  Liveness Detection  AML Sanction Screening  and Transliteration. By automating onboarding processes and integrating seamlessly with businesses' SDKs and APIs  Valify eliminates manual entry and physical adherence  saving valuable time and resources."
"VASPP Software Services, Cyber security, Cloud Services, Coding and Development, Big Data & Analytics, Applications, Cloud Solutions, Dashboard, Data Analytics, Data Governance, Compliance & Security, Data Integration, Data Visualisation, Devops, Digital Transformation, Visual Analytics, Cybersecurity, DevOps, Enterprise Resource Planning - ERP, Software as a Service - SaaS, Backend Development, Cloud Computing, Cloud Kubernetes, Devops, Frontend Development, Web Development, Application Control, Application integration and infrastructure, Application Security, Testing & Control, Cloud Security, Data Governance, Risk & Compliance, Legal, Regulations, Investigations & Compliance, Operations Security, Security Architecture & Design, Business Intelligence Solutions, Business Process Management, Data Analytics & Automation, ERP (Enterprise Resource Planning) Software, Finance & Accounting Software, Mobile Applications VASPP is an innovative startup at the forefront of identity access management solutions  catering specifically to both SAP and non-SAP environments. Our platform is engineered to deliver unparalleled security and efficiency through a blend of advanced features  robust risk management capabilities  and user-friendly interfaces designed for seamless navigation and control. What sets us apart is our commitment to innovation  incorporating powerful AI tools to automate and optimize access control processes. With our solution  organizations can conduct thorough Segregation of Duties (SOD) assessments with ease  ensuring compliance and minimizing risks effectively. Beyond our cutting-edge IAM platform  VASPP offers specialized SAP consulting services  focusing on the integration of BTP cloud services. Our team of experts assists clients in leveraging SAP's cloud infrastructure to its fullest potential  streamlining operations and unlocking new avenues for growth and innovation."
"Vaultpay Digital Finance, Retail Tech, Banking Solutions, Payments - Smart Cards & Readers Vaultpay provides innovative and accessible financial products to millions of people in the D.R.Congo. What We Offer: • One account with a physical or virtual VISA card • Card delivery within 24 hours • Dedicated customer service • $5 bonus upon card purchase  no processing delays • KYC process in less than 1 minute • QR code-based transfers and payments for merchants and users • Notifications for all transactions Security: • PCI Compliant  ensuring the highest level of card security • Product developed by Silicon Valley engineers with experience at Google  Airbnb  and in the defense industry • Accounts offered in partnership with Ecobank Guarantees: • Traceability: No lost or untraceable transactions • Customer Service: Response within 5 min for any situation • Reliability: Stable infrastructure despite the unstable electricity and Internet in DRC. Together  let's create the bank that you deserve: one that respects you  and values your time  your money  and your efforts."
"VEAT Retail Tech, Future Mobility & Transportation, Fleet & Logistics Solutions, Last Mile, Supply Chain & Logistics - Delivery & Returns, inc. Final Mile VEAT is a   company specializing in innovative delivery solutions for local businesses. Our SaaS platform  veatondemand.ma  empowers merchants to take control of their delivery operations  connecting them to a vast network of freelance couriers. We offer a comprehensive suite of services  including efficient delivery management  real-time tracking  flexible billing  and a unique cashback loyalty program. VEAT caters to a diverse clientele  including restaurants  businesses  delivery personnel  and end customers  providing convenient  reliable  and cost-effective delivery options. Our mission is to revolutionize local commerce by pioneering the urban logistics frontier  seamlessly linking businesses with freelance couriers to create the ultimate delivery ecosystem."
"VEEZEN Software Services, HealthTech, Education Tech, Big Data & Analytics, Artificial Intelligence, AI-optimized Hardware, Autonomous Mobile Robots (AMRs), Chatbots / Virtual Assistant, Artificial Intelligence, Data Analytics, Animation & Simulation, Coaching and mentoring, Collaborative learning and technology, HR systems and services, Immersive technologies - Virtual, Augmented, Mixed Realities - VR, AR, MR, Sports Goods & Sports Wear, Community Health Services, Healthcare IT, Medical Facilities, Application integration and infrastructure, Business Intelligence Solutions, HR Tech, Mobile Applications, Mobility Enterprise Solutions VEEZEN is integrated into companies to support Human Resources Managers in their mission to face the daily challenges of the workplace by giving employees the best means of building a professional and personal life that is physically and emotionally fulfilling  which will have a positive impact on productivity and the overall performance of the company. VEEZEN maximises the well-being of its employees through Wellbeing Conferences and Workshops  led by expert doctors  and  where necessary  personalized support to detect the early signs of stress or burn-out  and to propose appropriate preventive measures. What's more  the VEEZEN approach combines cutting-edge technologies such as artificial intelligence  virtual reality and neuroscience to offer effective  personalized solutions. The result is greater business success."
"VelyVelo Future Mobility & Transportation, Fleet & Logistics Solutions VelyVelo is an innovative urban mobility company that revolutionizes last-mile delivery with its fleet of electric bikes and proprietary fleet management software. Founded in 2017 and based in Paris  VelyVelo provides a sustainable  efficient  and cost-effective delivery solution for urban environments. By integrating cutting-edge technology with eco-friendly transportation  VelyVelo not only enhances delivery logistics but also significantly reduces carbon emissions  making city centers cleaner and more livable. Committed to excellence and sustainability  VelyVelo offers leasing options and comprehensive support  ensuring accessibility for all business sizes from local start-ups to major enterprises"
"VEONE Data Centres, Cloud Services, Coding and Development, Artificial Intelligence, 5G & Telecommunications, Broadband Services, Communication Equipment, Data Centres, IP Communications & Applications, Telecommunication Integration & Equipment Services, Wireless, Chatbots / Virtual Assistant, Content Creation, Machine Learning, Planning and Optimization, Analyst, Analytics, Applications including Development, Deployment & Design, Big Data & Analytics, Business Continuity, Back-up & Disaster Recovery, Cloud Management & Optimisation, Cloud Management Platform, Cloud Service Provider - CSP, Consultancy, Content Delivery & Management, Cybersecurity, Data as a Service - DAAS, Desktop as a Service - DaaS, DevOps, Enterprise Resource Planning - ERP, Governance & Compliance, High Performance Computing - HPC, Hosting, Hybrid, IT Service Management - ITSM, Managed Service Provider - MSP, Migration, Monitoring, Networks, Open Source, Platform as a Service - PaaS, Private Cloud, Public Cloud, Recruitment, Software as a Service - SaaS, Storage, Telecommunication, Total Solution Provider, Training or Recruitement, Artificial Intelligence, Backend Development, Blockchain, Cloud Computing, Cloud Kubernetes, Devops, Frontend Development, Java, Machine Learning, Operating Systems Development, Web Development, Cabinets and Enclosures, Cabling, Co-location, Compliance & Risk Management, Connectivity, Consultancy, Cooling, Data Analytics & Automation, Data Building & Verification, Data Warehousing, Disaster Recovery, Edge Solutions, Energy Efficiency, Facilities Management, Heating & Ventilation, Innovation Data Centre Design, Security - Physical, Servers & Hardware VEONE is an IT services company specializing in helping companies integrate Opensource technologies. As both software publishers and integrators  our dual expertise enables us to easily address the specific development or integration of high value-added solutions for our customers  whatever their business sector (Industry  Agriculture  Banking/Insurance  etc.). As a multidisciplinary team  our success is based on the diversity and complementarity of our technical skills. This complementarity enables us to select the best tools for your needs  and offer you solutions that perfectly match your expectations. As an Open Source integrator  our values are inseparable from those of the Free Software and Open Source communities. At VEONE  we keep our eyes firmly fixed on the future  thanks to a constant technology watch  to detect trends and innovative software that will be tomorrow's solutions."
"VERITAS Software Services, Internet of Things (IOT), Data Centres, Cyber security, Cloud Services, Business Continuity, Back-up & Disaster Recovery, Cloud Management & Optimisation, Cybersecurity, Governance & Compliance, IT Service Management - ITSM, Migration, Software as a Service - SaaS, Storage, Unified Communications, Applied Security, Business Continuity & Disaster Recovery Planning, Cloud Security, Data Governance, Risk & Compliance, Intrusion Detection & Penetration Testing, Phishing, Ransomware, Security Architecture & Design, Software Development Security, Compliance & Risk Management, Data Analytics & Automation, Data Centre Infrastructure Management, Data Management Solutions, Disaster Recovery, Cloud Services, Connectivity Modules, Data Analytics, Network Management and Optimization, Application integration and infrastructure Veritas Technologies is a global leader in information management software  with over three decades of experience serving the world’s largest organizations. We offer a unified data protection platform built for the modern hybrid era  automating and orchestrating the protection and recovery of data everywhere—from edge to core to cloud. Our solutions help businesses optimize their operational costs  enable regulatory compliance and enhance resiliency. Our comprehensive information management solutions address the most complex and demanding data environments across hardware  software and cloud services. Enterprise businesses across multiple industries  including approximately 80% of the Fortune Global 500 companies  rely on our software solutions every day. Strong brand recognition  a track record of reliability and high switching costs associated with information management solutions provide us with a competitive advantage in customer loyalty."
"VERSATILE MEDIA TECHNOLOGIES Software Services, Internet of Things (IOT), Coding and Development, Big Data & Analytics, Artificial Intelligence, Chatbots / Virtual Assistant, Computer Vision, Deep Learning Platforms, Machine Learning, Natural Language Processing (NLP), Neural Networks, Speech Recognition, Artificial Intelligence, Business Intelligence, Data Mining, Data Science, Deep Learning, Extract, transform, load - ETL, IoT, Machine Learning, Natural Language Processing - NLP, Structured Query Language - SQL, Unstructured Data, Artificial Intelligence, Backend Development, Data Sciences, Enterprise Applications, Machine Learning, Operating Systems Development, Web Development, Application Development, Artificial Intelligence, Augmented Reality, Data Science, Industrial IoT (IIoT) & Connectivity, IoT Solutions, Platform Solutions, RFID, Security, Video Analytics, Business Intelligence Solutions, Business Process Management, Data Analytics & Automation, ERP (Enterprise Resource Planning) Software, HR Tech, Mobile Applications, Mobility Enterprise Solutions, VOIP Solutions VMT stands as a pioneering force  offering next-generation software solutions to meet the evolving needs of businesses across industries. Founded on a vision to redefine the role of technology in business  VMT has consistently pushed the boundaries of software development. Our commitment to innovation is unwavering  driving us to anticipate emerging trends and technologies and integrate them seamlessly into our solutions. Our flagship software platform serves as the foundation for a range of applications and solutions  providing a flexible and scalable framework that can adapt to the needs of businesses of all sizes and industries."
"Verve Technologies Software Services, Internet of Things (IOT), Education Tech, Coding and Development, Artificial Intelligence, Chatbots / Virtual Assistant, Content Creation, Machine Learning, Natural Language Processing (NLP), Predictive APIs, Artificial Intelligence, Backend Development, Frontend Development, Java, Machine Learning, Python, Web Development, Artificial Intelligence & IOT, EdTech & Smart Classroom Solution, Immersive technologies - Virtual, Augmented, Mixed Realities - VR, AR, MR, Training centre resources, Video for learning, IoT Solutions, Telemetry, Application integration and infrastructure, Mobile Applications Our company specializes in the information technology sector  focusing on supporting our customers in the development and implementation of IoT (Internet of Things) and AI (Artificial Intelligence) solutions. Additionally  we assist our clients in automating their processes through mobile or web applications. With our expertise in IT consulting  we strive to provide the best solutions tailored to meet the unique needs of our customers  ensuring efficiency and effectiveness in their operations."
VETRAS STL (Smart Traffic Light) No categories available VETRAS STL (Smart Traffic Light) introduces a patented  cutting-edge wireless traffic management system designed to enhance existing traffic light infrastructure through the integration of advanced AI technology. This innovative system dynamically adapts to changing traffic conditions  optimizing flow and ensuring safety across urban intersections. VETRAS STL sets new benchmarks in traffic management with its patented technology  offering cities an opportunity to modernize their traffic systems and providing investors a chance to participate in the future of urban mobility. This system is not just a step forward in traffic management technology; it is a leap towards creating smarter  more sustainable cities.
"VIAVII Cloud Services, Software as a Service - SaaS ViaVii is a transformative SaaS platform and an online marketplace designed for the MENA region's fragmented and predominantly offline travel experiences and activities market. With our zero-code website builder and booking management software  ViaVii Plus helps experience-providers to establish their own online presence  easily manage bookings  and boost their sales through global distribution channels. Catering to travelers and locals seeking unique  authentic activities  and governments in need of a regulated and centralized digital tourism sector. ViaVii Plus and our Marketplace are reshaping the MENA travel landscape by connecting experiences  providers  and consumers like never before  allowing local experience providers to tap into the booming MENA travel and tourism sector."
Visa International Service Association (Visa) No categories available Visa (NYSE: V) is a world leader in digital payments  facilitating transactions between consumers  merchants  financial institutions and government entities across more than 200 countries and territories. Our mission is to connect the world through the most innovative  convenient  reliable and secure payments network  enabling individuals  businesses and economies to thrive. We believe that economies that include everyone everywhere  uplift everyone everywhere and see access as foundational to the future of money movement.
"Vision Business Consulting Software Services, Networking & Infrastructure, Cyber security, Cloud Services, Artificial Intelligence, Chatbots / Virtual Assistant, Computer Vision, Content Delivery & Management, Customer Relationship Management - CRM, Application integration and infrastructure, Consulting System & Integration Services, Operating Systems VBC est un leader des services technologiques  de la transformation numérique et du conseil en organisation."
Vital Scan No categories available Vital Scan is a pioneering leader in the medical imaging industry  specializing in portable ultrasound technology. Our state-of-the-art devices integrate artificial intelligence to provide real-time diagnostic capabilities directly at the point of care. Designed for ease of use and efficiency  our handheld ultrasounds are tailored to meet the needs of healthcare professionals across various settings  enhancing patient outcomes through immediate clinical insights. With a commitment to innovation and accessibility  Vital Scan is dedicated to transforming patient care by making advanced imaging solutions available and affordable for all healthcare providers  thereby contributing to faster diagnoses and improved healthcare delivery globally.
"VITRONIC Machine Vision Middle East Creative Economy, Data Centres, Cyber security, Artificial Intelligence, AI-optimized Hardware, Autonomous Vehicles / Systems, Machine Learning, Pattern Recognition, Software, Applied Security, Transportation Machine vision technology is one of the drivers of high-grade automation and slim  highly digitalized workflows. We have specialized in machine vision systems for use in specific sectors. That means we can focus clearly on the special requirements in these sectors. And 40 years of experience of communicating directly with customers throughout the world means we have a wealth of knowledge that continually re-emerges through our solutions and services. That creates lasting quality and reliability in our tried and tested standard products as well as customer-specific upgradeable modules and individually customized solutions  all of which we can offer at a cost-efficient price. That’s what has made us one of the world’s leading companies in machine vision technology."
VOCALCOM No categories available Vocalcom is a French publisher of contact center software  international leader in omnichannel customer engagement solutions in private or public cloud. For more than 28 years  Vocalcom has had a strong international presence in 47 countries around the world with more than 1 200 customers. We have been supporting leading European outsourcers and brands to manage customer interactions  predictive omnichannel campaigns across all channels (customer service  sales  telemarketing and collections). We bring the best of innovation to Vocalcom's customers by relying on a selective ecosystem of leading partners who complement our offers. Our expertise in CRM integration allows us to manage customer engagement centers for optimal control of the journey. Using data and AI  our platform Hermes360  leverage customer knowledge to simplify interactions across all channels and create more seamless journeys that meet customer expectations  ensuring customer and agent satisfaction.
Voveid No categories available VOVE ID is a reusable identity verification solution based in   and  bootstrapped By three amazing engineers  Khalid  Tarik  and Youssef. Our solution lets fintech  banking  and telecom businesses verify customer identities online  eliminating the need for physical branch visits for identity verification.
Waed No categories available Waed is a modern Student Information System designed to facilitate the management of educational processes  and the management of student affairs efficiently by providing a comprehensive set of digital services that meet the needs of all those involved in the educational process  including students  faculty members  and the educational staff. ?The platform operates on a powerful infrastructure with servers hosted within the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia that comply with the standards of the National Cybersecurity Authority and the Saudi Authority for Data and Artificial Intelligence (SDAIA)  ensuring smooth and reliable performance in accordance with the highest standards of security and quality. ?
Wafr No categories available WafR is a mobile wallet that allows informal merchants to sell phone credit top-ups for the three   phone operators from the same balance while maintaining wholesale prices to ensure their profit. In the coming months  we will allow our merchants to process a fully digitalized KYC to start selling different kinds of financial services  such as remittances  bill settlement  and mobile cash-in/out. Our long-term vision is to increase financial services distribution dramatically to foster mobile payments and financial inclusion in  .
"Wahda Technique Cloud Services, Blockchain, Big Data & Analytics, Artificial Intelligence, 5G & Telecommunications, Cabling, IP Communications & Applications, AI-optimized Hardware, Facial / Iris Recognition, Optical character recognition (OCR), Artificial Intelligence, Data back-up, Data Infrastructure, Data Integration, Data Management, Artificial Intelligence, Infrastructure and  Development, Monitoring Leading distributor of Electronic Security solutions including CCTV  Alarm system   Access Control  Video Intercom  Sound system - Computer cabling & Data center - Switching - Home automation - Digital Signage  Interactive Displays  and project based integrated solutions  WAHDA TECHNIQUE focus on customer driven solutions with the highest priority being able to offer excellent after sales service & support."
"Wanaut Media, Marketing & Advertising Tech, Data Analytics, Event Management, Sports Wanaut streamlines the discovery and booking of cultural  sporting  and travel experiences while fostering a community through social sharing and following features. Wanaut empowers also event organizers and experience creators by offering visibility  comprehensive management tools  and strategic promotional support. Wanaut Pro streamlines the process from start to finish  ensuring events reach a wider audience while providing dedicated 24/7 support for lasting success."
"Wanma Technology Co., Ltd Data Centres, Consumer Tech, Smart Home & Smart Workplace, Cloud Services, Coding and Development, Big Data & Analytics, Data Architecture, Data Governance, Compliance & Security, Data Infrastructure, Digital Transformation, IoT, Social Media Data, Structured Data, Applications including Development, Deployment & Design, Big Data & Analytics, Cloud Management & Optimisation, Cloud Management Platform, Cloud Service Provider - CSP, Data as a Service - DAAS, Cloud Kubernetes, Data Sciences, Communication Equipment, Digital Imaging Equipment, Data Building & Verification, Data Centre Infrastructure Management, Data Centre Next Generation, Data Management Solutions, Disaster Recovery Wanma Technology Co.  Ltd. was founded in 1997 with a registered capital of 20 million US dollar  which became public company in 2017 (stock code: 300698). It locates in the beautiful western suburbs of Hangzhou city  covering an area of 100 000m2. There are more than 950 employees in the company  among which 100 members are R&D engineers  62 Mechanical Engineers  20 Electrical Engineers and 18 Software Engineers. Wanma Technology mainly provides solutions of FTTH ODN  Perconnected Box and Telecom Cabinets  which are widely used in Data Center  Cloud Platform Construction  Communication Network  National High-Speed Rail  Rail Transportation and other fields. Not only does the company research  produce and sell its own brand products  but also provides integrated solutions of customized products. Choose Wanma Technology  Connect the Whole World."
"WASHMINUTE Media, Marketing & Advertising Tech, Sustainability & Green Economy In February 2024  against a backdrop of water stress  K&A Associates  a winner of the GreenTech GYCII (EBF) programme  launched the Washminute brand in partnership with Aradei Capital: ecological  fast and affordable solutions for car surface maintenance  already valued at 10 million dirhams following its first round of funding  with technologies on the verge of being patented!"
Wasta No categories available Wasta is an innovative edTech startup focused on enhancing English language proficiency through a mobile learning platform that leverages cutting-edge AI technology and game-based learning. Founded by Michael Bayyouk  Wasta aims to transform traditional language education by making it more interactive  accessible  and effective. The platform is designed to support learners in developing countries  as well as new citizens  migrants  and refugees in English-speaking countries. Currently in the early stage  Wasta operates on a B2B model  partnering with educational institutions and NGOs to integrate its learning solutions. The platform offers personalized learning experiences  fostering skills essential for global communication  such as problem-solving and social-emotional competencies. With plans to transition to a B2C model  Wasta is poised to expand its impact  making quality education available to a broader audience.
Waterfall Security Solution No categories available Unbreachable Security & Unlimited Connectivity. Waterfall Security’s unbreachable cybersecurity solutions keep the world running. Waterfall’s Unidirectional Gateways technology combines the benefits of impenetrable hardware and software-based connectivity  enabling 100% safe visibility into industrial operations and automation systems. Unbreachable Hardware: All cyber-sabotage attacks are information and every information flow can transmit attacks. Unlike firewalls  which filter out some attacks but pass others  Unidirectional Gateway hardware is not physically able to send any attack information back into protected systems. Unlimited OT Connectivity: Software in Unidirectional Gateways copies data from a wide variety of industrial systems into identical systems on IT networks. This provides enterprise users and systems with seamless access to industrial data  without providing any access to industrial systems that might put those systems at risk.
WATTNOW No categories available Wattnow is an Smart Energy Management System designed to help companies take control of their energy using an AI powered IoT solution. Our devices collect real time energy data  automate loads  and everything can be accessed and visualised on a user friendly cloud-based dashboard. The data  collected thanks to in house developed energy analyzers  is uploaded and then processed through our machine learning algorithms. The solution can adapt to the smallest of companies  up to large factories  by providing reliable information on the consumption trends and operating conditions of their various devices and machines.
"Wayout Media, Marketing & Advertising Tech, Sustainability & Green Economy Wayout Ecological Solutions is an impact driven Tunisian Startup tackling the sewer infrastructure problems. Our first product Zigofiltre acts as a filter to prevent plastic from preventing the sewers with over 2000 installed throughout the country we managed to prevent more than 50 tons of plastic. We offer a fully packaged solution with impact calculation  a digital plateform to oversee the filters installed. Our second product is Vortex which is an autonomous robot equipped with camera & computer vision it helps map the sewers infrastructure and predict maintenance for the whole pipeline network."
"Webmakers HealthTech, Education Tech, Ecommerce, Artificial Intelligence, AgriTech & FoodTech, Agri-Data and Analytics, Agricultural Marketplaces, AI & Nutrition, Data Management, Food Losses & Waste, IoT, Smart Farming and Connectivity, Chatbots / Virtual Assistant, Deep Learning Platforms, Machine Learning, eCommerce Software, ERP / Business Management, Platforms, Web App, Design and Development, Assessment and testing, Complete School Setup Solution, Learning management infrastructure, methods and systems, Mobile learning solutions, Specialist learning systems, Healthcare IT For over 12 years  we have been creating digital solutions for clients from around the world operating in various industries. Over this time  through the lens of knowledge and experience gained  we have specialized in developing custom software for the Agri-Tech l  pharmaceutical  educational  and e-commerce sectors. We automate internal and external processes of companies and implement systems in the field of data processing and analysis or chatbots based on our proprietary Smooofly platform. In addition  we also specialize in conducting software audits  implementing automation (including artificial intelligence)  and conducting Product Discovery Workshops."
Webmob Software Solutions No categories available At WebMob  we're passionate about empowering businesses with next-gen FinTech solutions (founded in 2015). We leverage state-of-the-art technologies in Blockchain  AI  and Web3 development to create robust solutions for Trade Finance  Money Market  Islamic Finance  NFT marketplace  Asset Tokenization and more challenges. Our 100+ strong team has a proven track record  delivering success stories like Instimatch and Ableace Raakin. A recent strategic investment from a US IT giant validates our vision as we continue to innovate and provide cutting-edge technology.
Weindustry No categories available Our flagship project is Charjawal  a device for automatic mobile balance recharging  capable of addressing a common issue: quick and efficient mobile balance top-ups. At WeIndustry  we aim to connect the world with our innovations. Driven by the potential of technology  we develop practical solutions through our expertise in IoT.
Wemanity Maroc No categories available Présent au   depuis 2019. Nous accompagnons nos clients à accélérer leur chantier de digitalisation et d'agilité à travers 3 domaines d'intervention : Accompagnement conseil et stratégie sur les sujets de transformation organisationnelle  technologique et culturelle : (digital factory  transformation RH  conduite du changement...). Mise à disposition de compétences pour renforcer vos équipes internes par des profils IT certifiés et expérimentés (coach agile  scrum master  Proxy PO  PMO  Tech lead  développeur fullstack/FO/BO  Architecte Data  expert Devops...). Des Ateliers de formation personnalisables et sur-mesure : (Acculturation agile et digitale Design thinking  Design UX/UI  user expérience  conduite du changement  Management 3.0 ...).
"Wenaya Technology HealthTech, Artificial Intelligence, Data Extraction, Machine Learning, Pattern Recognition, Planning and Optimization, Predictive APIs, Healthcare Investor, Healthcare IT Wenaya solution aim to anticipate well-being needs based on multiple and complex criteria (such as consumption habits  dates  geolocation  availability  recurrence  etc.) and establish more accurate diagnoses to provide personalized treatment programs.Wenaya Allows patients to find and connect more easily with practitioners based on the desired therapy  using a dual function of geolocation and recommendation."
"West Coast Optilinks Ltd. Future Mobility & Transportation, Data Centres, Cyber security, Cloud Services, 5G & Telecommunications, Cabling, Communication Equipment, Data Centres, Mobile Telecommunications & 5G, Telecommunication Integration & Equipment Services, Infrastructure as a Service - IaaS, Telecommunication & Network Security, Cabling, 5G & Connectivity West Coast Optilinks (A division of West Coast Paper Mills Ltd.)  belongs to a USD 405 Million fast growing Industrial business house “S.K. Bangur Group”  is a leading manufacturer and exporter of Optical Fiber Cables in India having its state-of-the-art manufacturing facilities in Hyderabad & Mysore. WCO started its commercial production in 1996 at Mysore with technology from Royle Systems Group  USA and an initial technical collaboration/support from Sumitomo  Japan. We are an ISO 9001:2015 (QMS)  14001:2015 (EMS)  45001:2018 (OHSAS)  27001:2013 (ISMS) & TL 9000:2016 Organization which manufactures all types of OFCs (Duct/Armoured/Micro/ADSS/FTTH etc.). WCO Cables are CPR Approved (European Regulations) and due to its high quality WCO products are exported to 25+ countries worldwide. The company has an annual capacity to produce over 170000 Km Optical Fiber cables with Fiber count up to 576F."
"Western Digital Quantum & High Performance Computing, Mobile Accessories & Peripherals, Data Centres, Big Data & Analytics, Data back-up, Data Infrastructure, Quantum Computing, Data Centre Infrastructure Management, USB Gadgets - Card readers, USB Gadgets - USB storage devices, Storage - Hardware Western Digital is on a mission to unlock the potential of data by harnessing the possibility to use it. With Flash and HDD franchises  underpinned by advancements in memory technologies  we create breakthrough innovations and powerful data storage solutions that enable the world to actualize its aspirations. Core to our values  we recognize the urgency to combat climate change and have committed to ambitious carbon reduction goals approved by the Science Based Targets initiative. Learn more about Western Digital and the Western Digital®  SanDisk® and WD® brands at www.westerndigital.com."
"White House International Mobile Accessories & Peripherals, Consumer Tech, Smart Home & Smart Workplace, 5G & Telecommunications, Communication Equipment, Mobile Telecommunications & 5G, Wireless, Computer and Mobile Hardware, Storage & Peripherals, Headphones, Smart Appliances / Gadgets, Smart Phones, Tablets / Laptops, Telecommunication, Wearables, Accessories - Bluetooth speakers, Accessories - Chargers, Accessories - Headphones / earphones, Accessories - Mifi Products, Accessories - Repair equipment, materials & services, Devices - Smart Phones, Devices -Tablets, USB Gadgets - USB chargers, Wearables - Smart watches, Wearables - Wearables electronics Welcome to Whitehouse International Trades LLP  a leading exporter of consumer goods. With a strong focus on customer satisfaction  we are dedicated to delivering high-quality services to customers worldwide. At Whitehouse International Trades LLP  we recognize the importance of international trade and the endless possibilities it offers for businesses to expand their global presence and connect with customers across borders. Our primary objective is to facilitate seamless trade and establish enduring partnerships with our clients. From sourcing top-notch products to managing logistics and ensuring prompt delivery  we take pride in our meticulous attention to detail and ability to meet our customers' specific requirements. As a customer-centric company  we prioritize understanding the unique needs and preferences of our clients. Our strict adherence to stringent quality control measures guarantees that our customers receive products of the utmost excellence."
"Wialon Internet of Things (IOT), Future Mobility & Transportation, 5G & Connectivity, Connected Mobility Solutions, Connectors, Harnesses - In-Vehicle Connectors, Control Modules & Software, Data, IoT, Ai,  RFID, Embedded Systems, Drive Systems - HV/ EV Drive Systems, Electric Vehicle OEMs (Public & Fleet: Bus/ Trucks), Fleet & Logistics Solutions, Fleet Management, Intelligent Transportation Solutions (ITS), Mobility As A Service - Maas, Public Safety & Security, Sensors, Sensors, Radars & Cameras, Telematics & Connected Vehciles, Connectivity Modules, Data Analytics, Industrial IoT (IIoT) & Connectivity, IoT Solutions, Platform Solutions, Video Analytics Gurtam is a global software development company specializing in fleet management solutions for various industries  utilizing telematics and IoT technologies. Headquartered in Vilnius  Lithuania  with offices in Boston  Dubai  and Tbilisi  Gurtam boasts over 20 years of industry experience. Its flagship product  Wialon  offers comprehensive fleet management and digitalization  compatible with 3 300+ GPS device models. Distributed globally through a network of 2 600+ telematics service providers across 150+ countries  Wialon currently connects over 3.8 million vehicles and assets. Gurtam's expertise has earned it recognition from top industry rankings and organizations  including IoT market research firm Berg Insight  which repeatedly names Gurtam a leading fleet telematics provider. The company maintains a commitment to quality and sustainable business practices  reflected in its recurring ISO certifications."
"Wibiocard Incubator/Accelerator/Investment, HealthTech, Cyber security, Blockchain, 5G & Telecommunications, Data Centres, Marine Communication Equipment & Services, Military Communication Equipment & Services, Identity / Trust / Authentication, Infrastructure and  Development, Metaverse, Security / Cybersecurity, Authentication User, Biometric Authentication and PKI, Cryptography, Endpoint Protection & Mobile Security, Network & Infrastructure Security, Security Credentials, Telecommunication & Network Security, Government, Healthcare Consultancy Service, Healthcare Investor, Healthcare IT Wibiocard is a leading company specializing in cutting-edge smart card technology integrated with biometric fingerprint recognition. We deliver state-of-the-art solutions that provide secure access control  streamlined identification  and exceptional user experiences. We redefine the boundaries of security and authentication  empowering individuals and organizations to thrive in a rapidly evolving digital landscape. At WiBioCard  we are on a mission to redefine access control and identity verification. Unlock a new level of security  privacy  and convenience for physical and logical access through password-less biometric authentication. With WiBioCard  take control of your digital identity  protect your sensitive data  and enjoy seamless integration. Experience security  simplicity  and sustainability in one elegant solution. Our range of services streamlines complex processes  providing not only robust security but also effortless integration tailored."
WINICH FARMS No categories available You know how there are at least 3 layers of middlemen between the smallholder farmers and the informal processors/retailers  leaving the smallholder farmers largely marginalized and the informal processors/retailers struggling to access inventory when and how they want them and at the best price. Well what we have done is Via a hybrid(offline-online) approach using technology(USSD&mobile application)  We have provided a platform that allows the informal processor and retailer to get access to their inventory directly from the smallholder farmer. In Fact  there are currently 80K+ active users on the Winich platform who transacted over USD 23M in 2023 alone up from USD 11M in 2022 and on track to reach USD 50M in 2024. We have seen farmers’ income and off-takers’ productivity increased by over 40% cycle over cycle using Winich.
Wisper No categories available Wisper 360 est une solution de gestion centralisée des postes de travail basée sur la virtualisation. Contrairement aux solutions de VDI classiques  Wisper 360 est sans infrastructure serveur. En intégrant l'ensemble des fonctionnalités avancées du Desktop-as-a-Service (DaaS)  Wisper 360 se positionne comme le choix privilégié pour les entreprises soucieuses de la qualité sans compromettre le coût. Conçu pour s'aligner harmonieusement avec l'évolution vers des environnements de travail flexibles et hybrides  Wisper 360 assure une expérience utilisateur fluide  sécurisée et toujours accessible.
"Wiwu Mobile Accessories & Peripherals, Consumer Tech, Smart Home & Smart Workplace, Accessories - Power Banks, Accessories - Headphones / earphones, Accessories - Chargers, Accessories - Bluetooth speakers, Smart Appliances / Gadgets, Personal Care Applicances, Accessories - Tempered glasses, Wearables - Wearables electronics Establised in 2011  wiwu is a mobile electronics accessories brand which driven by design and innovative. Our mission is ""design for mobile lifestyle"". We specialized in design  research and development  manufacture and sale of mobile accessories  laptop accessories and travel prodcuts. Our core value is creating more benefits for our distributors  agents by our great products and service."
"Wragby Business Solutions & Technologies Limited Software Services, Cyber security, Cloud Services, Big Data & Analytics, Artificial Intelligence, Chatbots / Virtual Assistant, Data Extraction, Machine Learning, Natural Language Processing (NLP), Optical character recognition (OCR), Analytics as a service, Applications, Artificial Intelligence, Business Intelligence, Cloud Solutions, Dashboard, Data Analytics, Data Architecture, Data back-up, Data Governance, Compliance & Security, Data Infrastructure, Data Integration, Data Lake, Data Management, Data Mining, Data Privacy / Protection, Data Science, Data Visualisation, Data Warehouse, Devops, Extract, transform, load - ETL, Geo Data, Machine Learning, Open Source, Real-Time Analytics, Structured Data, Structured Query Language - SQL, Unstructured Data, Virtualization, Visual Analytics, Analyst, Analytics, Applications including Development, Deployment & Design, Big Data & Analytics, Business Continuity, Back-up & Disaster Recovery, Cloud Management & Optimisation, Cloud Management Platform, Cloud Service Provider - CSP, Consultancy, Cost Management & Optimisation, Customer Relationship Management - CRM, Cybersecurity, DevOps, Enterprise Resource Planning - ERP, Governance & Compliance, High Performance Computing - HPC, Hosting, Hybrid, Infrastructure as a Service - IaaS, IT Service Management - ITSM, Managed Service Provider - MSP, Migration, Monitoring, Platform as a Service - PaaS, Private Cloud, Professional Services, Public Cloud, Software as a Service - SaaS, Software Defined Networking - SDN, Storage, Training or Recruitement, Unified Communications, Web Hosting, Workload Management, Anti-spam, Anti-Malware & Anti-Virus & Email Security, Application Control, Application integration and infrastructure, Application Security, Testing & Control, Business Continuity & Disaster Recovery Planning, Cloud Security, Data Governance, Risk & Compliance, Endpoint Protection & Mobile Security, Intrusion Detection & Penetration Testing, Network & Infrastructure Security, Phishing, Ransomware, Security Architecture & Design, Software Development Security, Business Intelligence Solutions, Business Process Management, CRM (Customer Relationship Management) Software, Data Analytics & Automation, ERP (Enterprise Resource Planning) Software, HR Tech Wragby Business Solutions & Technologies Limited is a distinguished technology provider with expertise across various cloud platforms like Microsoft  AWS  Huawei Cloud  Google Cloud  SAP  and others  enabling businesses to run their mission-critical systems and operations while modernizing IT and ensuring security and scalability across public  private  and hybrid clouds Recognized for its innovative IT solutions  Wragby provides a wide range of services  including Cloud Applications & Infrastructure  Business Applications  Modern Work & Security  Data Analytics & AI  Software Engineering  Product Development  Managed Services  IT GRCS services  and Digital Advisory. With its customer-centric approach  Wragby won the 2024 SAP top capability award in Africa  twice awarded as Microsoft Partner of the Year in 2019 and 2020 and emerged thrice as global finalist in 2016  2017 and 2019. Today  Wragby is one of the only few Azure managed services providers in sub-Saharan Africa."
XCEED No categories available Xceed innovative solutions are based on evaluating clients existing business models and enhancing them to achieve the goals of realizing client satisfaction and long-term profitability. Reaching more than 25 000 employees. Xceed now is one of the leading multilingual Business Process Outsourcing (BPO) Service provider in the EMEA region with a capacity of more than 10 000 web enabled multi-channels workstations serving numerous industries across Europe  North America  Middle East & Africa. Xceed is currently present in three (3) countries  with seven (7) sites in Egypt  one (1) site in    in addition to a new site in Mauritius to comply with Xceed strategy and to complement its presence in Africa and to meet expectations for French Canadian and multinationals need of Bilingual customer base.
"XCHANGE BOX SOLUTIONS Digital Finance, Digital Payment, E-Wallets, Insurance Solutions, Islamic Fintech / Shariya Compliant, Payments / Wallets / Exchange Gateways We provide an Agency Banking As a Service channel through our Super Agent license (PSSP) and a Microfinance Bank licenses by the Central Bank of Nigeria as a platform to provide SME payment collections  bill payments  health insurance  and Micro-credit  all available through our POS Terminals at Agents locations."
"XERA S.r.l. Consumer Tech, Smart Home & Smart Workplace, Computer and Mobile Hardware, Storage & Peripherals, Electronic Components (Connection Devices, Electron Tubes, Etc), Electronic Equipment & Instruments (Barcode Readers, POS Machines, Etc), Printing Solutions, Smart Phones, Tablets / Laptops According to the Global E-waste Monitor 2020  “53.6 million metric tons (Mt) of WEEE were generated in 2019. This represented a 21% increase in the 5 years since 2014”. All end-of-life goods used in companies have the possibility of being estimated and managed not as waste but as an asset that can be reused to second life in order to lower CO2eq emission in the atmosphere of almost 7 000 tons and to save over 1.5 million kWh of energy for every 1 000 tons of WEEE managed. For this reason  we have created our own WEEKO registered trademark  which expresses the philosophy of the R3: recycle  reinvent  recreate. The WEEKO 2025 agenda  in line with the objectives of the UN 2030 agenda  represents a project that fully involves all the present sustainability challenges  contributing not only to creating a circular economy capable of reaching waste zero but also a ""human sustainability"" involving non-profit organizations and creating new job opportunities."
"XFX Gaming, PC Gaming XFXForce Technology LLC has a complete range of AMD Radeon Graphics cards from low end cards for mainstream users all the way to very High End cards for Gaming Enthusiasts. We are very experienced in the Graphics cards market and been in this field for long and have a strong market share in the region. Our website : http://www.xfxforce.com has a complete range of Graphics cards that we carry. We have very attractive prices and packaging and can offer delivery of products from various locations."
"XGOL Education Tech, Animation & Simulation, Artificial Intelligence & IOT, Assessment and testing, Coaching and mentoring, Learning Improvement Tech & Devices Xgol is a cutting-edge coaching platform that blends advanced technology with real coaching expertise to provide personalized empowerment. Public Speaking Mastery: Our flagship product enhances public speaking abilities through a robust feedback loop—feedback  adjust  and practice. It is designed for sales teams  business consultants  managers  and leaders. Expert Network: Xgol relies on a rich network of experts who understand the cultural and linguistic nuances of our diverse client base. Versatile Solutions: Available as a subscription service  Xgol helps companies establish consistent development routines. It's also ideal for consultants and trainers  facilitating effective client progress tracking with a digital tool. By combining technology and expertise  Xgol empowers professionals to reach new heights in leadership and communication. Join us and transform your potential into excellence!"
"XIAMEN VBeT Electronics Co.,Ltd Consumer Tech, Smart Home & Smart Workplace, 5G & Telecommunications, Communication Equipment, Video, Audio Systems & Equipment, Headphones VBeT Electronics Co.  Ltd.  a global high-tech enterprise established in 2005  specializes in providing professional communication headset solutions. With comprehensive services spanning Marketing  Sales  R&D  and Manufacturing  VBeT provides tailored solutions for contact center headsets  UC headsets  Wireless headsets  Speakerphones  and other acoustic electronics products. The brand 'VT' stands as a prominent global leader in communication headsets  backed by over 20 years of expertise in professional design and manufacturing of headset-related products. The mechanical design  quality  performance and reliability of VT products make it best in class globally. Currently  VBeT maintains long-term cooperation with partners in over 120 countries  a testament to the commitment to delivering exceptional communication solutions worldwide."
"XITED Digital Finance, Cloud Services, Coding and Development, Blockchain, Big Data & Analytics, Business Intelligence, Cloud Solutions, Dashboard, Data Analytics, Data Architecture, Data Governance, Compliance & Security, Data Integration, Data Science, Data Visualisation, DataOps, Devops, Digital Transformation, Extract, transform, load - ETL, Machine Learning, Mobile Technology, Open Source, Blockchain as a Service (BaaS), Cryptocurrency/ ICOs/ STOs / Tokens, Developer Tools / Platforms, Payments / Wallets / Exchange Gateways, Smart Contracts, Analyst, Analytics, Applications including Development, Deployment & Design, Big Data & Analytics, Cloud Management & Optimisation, Cloud Management Platform, Data as a Service - DAAS, IT Service Management - ITSM, Artificial Intelligence, Backend Development, Blockchain, Cloud Computing, Cloud Kubernetes, Data Sciences, Devops, Enterprise Applications, Frontend Development, Java, Operating Systems Development, Web Development, Banking Solutions, Billing / Invoicing Software, Blockchain & DLT Solutions, Data Centres, Digital Lending, E-Commerce Solutions, E-KYC, E-Payment Solutions, E-Wallets, Insurance Solutions, IoT Based Applications, Open Banking / API xITed combines technical expertise in information technology with a deep understanding of the financial services industry  aiming to offer innovative solutions that address the unique challenges and opportunities within the digital finance space. Whether it's developing financial software  integrating digital payment systems  or offering consultancy on IT strategies to finance companies  xITed support businesses in leveraging technology for better financial operations and customer experiences."
Xtend Technologies (P) Ltd. No categories available With our extensive expertise and proactive support services  we offer flexible  reliable and scalable customer service solutions that fits all organisational needs and goals. Over the years  we have designed  developed and delivered comprehensive range of efficient telephony products across 65+ countries. OUR PRODUCTS • Voice Loggers • IVRs • Call Billing System • Call Center Solutions • IVR Gateway • Outbound Dialer • SmartLog Customised Solutions • Standalone recording solutions for aviation  marine  oil & gas • Medical Dictation Recorder • Centralised Solutions • Active Redundant Solutions with real-time Data Synchronisation Why to Choose Xtend • Strong experience in manufacturing & providing telecom solutions • High quality  field proven products for different business verticals • Reliable  secure & high operational efficiency with advanced functionality • Best features  easy integration & flexibility
"xTID Software Services, Regulatory Technology, Cyber security, Cloud Services, Blockchain, Governance & Compliance, Cybersecurity, Cloud Management Platform, Training / Recruitment, Smart Contracts, Security / Cybersecurity, Identity / Trust / Authentication, Migration, Professional Services, Authentication User, Biometric Authentication and PKI, Cloud Security, Cryptography, Data Governance, Risk & Compliance, Legal, Regulations, Investigations & Compliance, Data Analytics & Automation, HR Tech xTID specializes in secure  blockchain-enhanced digital verification services  offering swift and reliable checks for educational background and good conduct certificates globally. Licensed and regulated  we use cutting-edge technology to ensure data privacy and top-tier security for our clients. Our services cater to both individual and organizational needs  providing tailored solutions that include basic  professional  and enterprise packages to suit various verification frequencies and depths. Committed to innovation and excellence  xTID is set to redefine standards in the digital verification landscape  making it faster  safer  and more accessible for everyone."
"YAAS Software Services, Application integration and infrastructure, Business Intelligence Solutions, Business Process Management, Data Analytics & Automation, ERP (Enterprise Resource Planning) Software, Finance & Accounting Software, Procurement Software - Move to S4HANA  choice of the right scenario depending on the current situation : BrownField  BlueField or GreenField. - Assisting and Advising customers to run SAP at its best. (Audit  Architecture  Performance.) - SAP on AWS/Azure. (SAP systems Delivery in hours  DR on the cloud  Managed Services.). - SAP Solutions SHIFT & LIFT - AMOA"
"Yadag Software Services, Coding and Development, Artificial Intelligence, AgriTech & FoodTech, Agriculture 4.0 (Crop Production and Livestock), Agricultural Marketplaces, Agri-Data and Analytics, Chatbots / Virtual Assistant, Computer Vision, Data Extraction, Natural Language Generation (NLG), Natural Language Processing (NLP), Optical character recognition (OCR), Real time translation, Speech Recognition, Enterprise Applications, Data Analytics & Automation, HR Tech, Mobile Applications Each year billions of dollars worth of crops go to waste because there is no labor to pick them. One of the constant challenges in the agriculture industry is seasonal labor availability and management. In an industry where timing is critical  a delayed harvest can significantly impact a farm's profitability. Yadag streamlines the hiring process of seasonal workers and digitizes the paperwork involved for both workers and employers. Yadag is the first end-to-end digital platform that connects agricultural employers and seasonal farm workers  featuring three key components: a Hiring Marketplace  Digital Onboarding  and a Communication Platform equipped with an AI-based WhatsApp Chatbot in Darija  French & English. Since its launch in December 2023 in    Yadag has garnered thousands of worker subscriptions and amassed over five million views through social media videos. Our mission is uniting growers and farm workers to secure food production success."
Yahsat No categories available Yahsat is a public company listed on the Abu Dhabi Securities Exchange  a subsidiary of Mubadala Investment Company  offering multi-mission satellite solutions in more than 150 countries across Europe  the Middle East  Africa  South America  Asia and Australasia. Yahsat’s fleet of 5 satellites reaches more than 80% of the world’s population  enabling critical communications including data and mobility solutions. Yahsat provides C  Ku  Ka and L-band satellite communications solutions for land  maritime and aero platforms to consumers  governments and enterprises. Its businesses consist of Yahsat Government Solutions  Thuraya  YahClick (powered by Hughes) and YahLink. In 2020  Yahsat commenced construction of Thuraya 4  which is due to launch in 2024 and to enter service in 2025. In 2023  Yahsat commenced construction of two new software-defined telecommunication satellites  Al Yah 4 and Al Yah 5  due to be launched in 2027 and 2028  respectively.
"Yakeey Digital Finance, PropTech, Education Tech, Big Data & Analytics, Artificial Intelligence, Content Creation, Machine Learning, Artificial Intelligence, Data Analytics, Data Science, Geo Data, Geo-Spatial Data, Visual Analytics, Banking Solutions, Digital Lending, Coaching and mentoring, Learning strategy, Training centre resources, Training materials, Video for learning, AI & IoT, CRM, Data & Analytics, Digital Marketing, Lending & Mortgage Tech, Listings & Brokerage Tech, Marketplaces, Surveying & Mapping In a market where the real estate agent profession is not yet regulated  creating confusion and mistrust  Yakeey is a transactional marketplace on a mission to radically simplify  accelerate  and secure real estate transactions of all kinds through a hybrid solution: - Digital: the platform  a unique solution custom-developed for all users  individuals (sellers  buyers  etc.) and professionals (real estate advisors  developers  etc.) - Human: Real Estate Advisors  daily touchpoints  dedicated  selected  and trained to support their clients in their projects from start to finish at every stage of the real estate transaction. Yakeey is thus the safest  fastest  and most profitable way to connect and support buyers and sellers  as well as tenants and landlords. Yakeey leverages on technology  data and integration to create powerful network effects and connect all real estate market players through a one-stop-shop innovative platform."
YAZ Agri Solutions No categories available 
YOFITT No categories available YOFITT has envisioned a world where EVERYONE is FREE to do the sport they want  where they want  and when they want. It is in this innovative vision that YOFITT has developed an application that provides access to a multitude of gyms and sports activities  allowing everyone to find their passion and engage in an active and fulfilling lifestyle. With YOFITT  sport becomes not only accessible but also practical and enjoyable  enabling you to fully engage in your fitness journey with ease and pleasure. By its community  YOFITT creates an environment where users can connect  encourage each other  and share their successes. Thanks to its user-friendly interface and intuitive features  YOFITT allows you to search  book  and participate in sports classes and activities effortlessly.
YolaFresh No categories available YolaFresh  founded in 2023  is an innovative tech platform that connects small-holder farmers with traditional retailers of fruits and vegetables. The primary goal is to remove intermediaries in the food supply chain  allowing retailers to pay less for produce and producers to gain more profit quickly. The platform is also deeply integrated with data and tech  utilizing machine learning and AI for predictive algorithms in supply and demand. YoLa Fresh’s supply chain is equipped to move thousands tonnes of perishables from farms to businesses  every day  in less than 24 hours.
z.systems No categories available ž is a transformative super app designed to redefine B2B trade and distribution across an extensive range of retail verticals  starting with the FMCG sector and seamlessly expanding into construction materials  home products  furniture  electronics  and more. Serving as the digital backbone for over ~120 000 hanouts and countless other retailers across    ž empowers businesses to connect with a diverse network of industrials  wholesalers  and B2B service providers  fostering an unparalleled marketplace ecosystem.
"ZalaTech Software Services, Internet of Things (IOT), Ecommerce, Cloud Services, Big Data & Analytics, eCommerce Software, Migration, Hosting, Data Visualisation, Open Source, Enterprise Resource Planning - ERP, Supply Chain Solutions, Cloud Management Platform, Cloud Services, Business Process Management, CRM (Customer Relationship Management) Software, ERP (Enterprise Resource Planning) Software, Finance & Accounting Software, HR Tech, Mobility Enterprise Solutions, Procurement Software, Platform as a Service - PaaS, Private Cloud, Public Cloud, Software as a Service - SaaS, Web Hosting, Data Analytics & Automation, Mobile Applications ZalaTech stands out by providing cutting-edge Software  Website  and ERP services in Africa. Our commitment to Software-as-a-Service (SaaS) ensures that we stay at the forefront of technological advancements  meeting the needs of both Ethiopian and international clientele. ZalaTech empowers businesses to enhance operational efficiency without exceeding their budget constraints. Our tried-and-tested products include cost-effective ERP and software solutions  showcasing our dedication to affordability. As a leading software development company in Ethiopia  ZalaTech is synonymous with quality and robustness  backed by a team of highly competent and expert professionals. Our services span Frontend Development  Software and Web Development  Offshore Development  Content Management  Mobile App Development  and E-commerce."
"Zebra Technologies Software Services, Retail Tech, Future Mobility & Transportation, AgriTech & FoodTech, 5G & Telecommunications, Mobile Telecommunications & 5G, Telecommunication Integration & Equipment Services, Cloud Solutions, Data Management, Smart Farming and Connectivity, Supply Chain Management, UAV, Robotics & Drones, 5G & Connectivity, E-commerce & M-commerce - Mobile Commerce, E-commerce & M-commerce - Mobile Store & Warehouse Solutions, E-commerce & M-commerce - Multi-Channel Solutions, Mobile Applications ABOUT ZEBRA TECHNOLOGIES Zebra (NASDAQ: ZBRA) helps organisations monitor  anticipate  and accelerate workflows by empowering their frontline and ensuring that everyone and everything is visible  connected and fully optimised. Our award-winning portfolio spans software to innovations in robotics  machine vision  automation and digital decisioning  all backed by a +50-year legacy in scanning  track-and-trace and mobile computing solutions. With an ecosystem of 10 000 partners across more than 100 countries  Zebra’s customers include over 80% of the Fortune 500. Newsweek recently recognised Zebra as one of America’s Most Loved Workplaces and Greatest Workplaces for Diversity  and we are on Fast Company’s list of the Best Workplaces for Innovators. Learn more at www.zebra.com or sign up for news alerts. Follow Zebra’s Your Edge blog  LinkedIn  Twitter and Facebook  and check out our Story Hub: Zebra Perspectives."
"Zedcrest Group Digital Finance, Incubator/Accelerator/Investment, Asset Management / Personal Finance / Wealth Management, E-Payment Solutions, Education & Training, Fund Raising and Investment, Payments / Wallets / Exchange Gateways, Wealth Management Software The Zedcrest Group is a leading powerhouse in the Nigerian financial services sector. The Group operates through four dynamic subsidiaries: Zedcrest Capital  Zedcrest Global Markets (formerly Zedcap Partners)  Zedcrest Wealth (formerly Zimvest)  and Zedvance Finance. Each subsidiary plays a vital role in its ecosystem  offering specialized services ranging from asset management to proprietary investment  securities dealing  and consumer/business finance. In 2022  the company was rated by the Financial Times as ‘’Africa’s Fastest Growing Financial Services company’’. Through Zedvance Finance  the Group has expanded its footprint to encompass 12 Nigerian states  providing accessible and convenient financial solutions to individuals and businesses across the country. Additionally  its Proprietary Investment arm  Zedcrest Capital  has extended its reach to over nine countries globally  positioning it as a key player in the international venture capital landscape."
Zedvance Finance No categories available Zedvance Finance Limited offers SME loans  personal loans  BNPL financing  and partnership on-lending to e-commerce platforms with embedded credit offerings. The company is dedicated to offering accessible and innovative financial solutions to individuals and businesses. Prior to the launch of its Business Banking Suite  Zedvance successfully disbursed over 2 000 000 loans  solidifying its position as a leading player in the consumer lending industry.
"Zen Networks Retail Tech, Internet of Things (IOT), Cloud Services, Big Data & Analytics, 5G & Telecommunications, Billing / OSS / BSS, Mobile Telecommunications & 5G, Analytics as a service, Apache Kafka, Artificial Intelligence, Business Intelligence, Cloud Solutions, Dashboard, Data Analytics, Data Lake, Data Mining, Data Visualisation, Devops, Hadoop, IoT, Machine Learning, Mobile Technology, Python, Visual Analytics, Analytics, Big Data & Analytics, Cloud Management & Optimisation, Cloud Service Provider - CSP, Cost Management & Optimisation, Cybersecurity, Governance & Compliance, Hosting, IT Service Management - ITSM, Migration, Monitoring, Open Source, Storage, Telecommunication, Workload Management, Artificial Intelligence, Cloud Services, Data Science, Industrial IoT (IIoT) & Connectivity, IoT Solutions, Telecommunications, Data & Analytics - Big Data Analytics & Insights, Data & Analytics - Business Intelligence, Data & Analytics - Data Warehouse/Decision Support, Digital Signage - Maintenance, Digital Signage - Networks & Connectivity Zen Networks is a forward-thinking technology company dedicated to optimizing connectivity solutions. With a focus on innovation  reliability  and customer satisfaction  we provide tailored networking services to streamline communication and empower digital experiences. Our comprehensive offerings span cloud computing  data analytics  mobile network solutions  and advanced monitoring solutions. From scalable and secure cloud infrastructure to real-time insights enhancing network performance  we cater to diverse needs  ensuring seamless connectivity and informed decision-making."
Zencey No categories available Zencey is revolutionizing healthcare access in Africa for uninsured people and small businesses  offering advanced  affordable solutions. Utilizing AI technology  Zencey provides personalized health assistance  guiding users to the right care. Its telemedicine enables consultations with healthcare professionals via video calls  overcoming geographical barriers. Zencey's tailored health plans are flexible and cost-effective  aimed at fulfilling the unique needs of its users. This initiative not only bridges the healthcare gap by tackling cost and availability issues but also empowers users to manage their health proactively. It offers uninsured individuals essential healthcare services  reducing financial stress  and allows small businesses to give their employees comprehensive health benefits. This contributes to improved workplace productivity and morale. Zencey is helping to drive a healthcare transformation in Africa  making quality healthcare accessible and affordable for all.
"Zendesk x Maroc Cloud Software Services, Media, Marketing & Advertising Tech, Cloud Services, Customer Relationship Management - CRM, Customer Relationship & Experience Management - CRM & CEM, CRM (Customer Relationship Management) Software   Cloud is a Zendesk Partner dedicated to helping businesses build stronger customer relationships. We take a holistic approach  designing and implementing custom solutions that unify your customer data into a single view. This empowers your teams to deliver exceptional experiences that drive growth and transform how you connect with customers. Over 100 000 businesses rely on Zendesk to make customer experiences better. Zendesk provides a complete customer service solution that is easy to use and scales with your business. Customer service is about more than the customer. It’s about your business and your teams  too. Zendesk not only makes things easy on your customers  but set your teams up for success  and keep your business in sync. It’s everything you need  in one powerful package."
"ZHUHAI GLOBAL TECHNOLOGY CO., LTD No categories available The product lines include thermal receipt printer  barcode printer  dot matrix printer  portable printer  kiosk printer  Android printer  cloud printer  personal/home smart printers  and printer-related core components. Xprinter products cover more than 130 countries and regions in the world. According to the data of POS industry professional magazine IDC for five consecutive years from 2016 to 2020  Xprinter products shipping quantity in the field of thermal printers ranked first in China  second in the world  and is the only large-scale professional printer manufacturer and service provider in the industry. Xprinter Group has around 2000 employees  professional OEM/ODM industry supporting capacity  and strategic cooperation with many global well-known brands and Internet giants. With the integrated whole industry chain supply strength can efficiently ensure material cost  supply turnover time  stable product quality to maintain competitive advantages in the printer field."
"ZINAD IT Cyber security, Application Security, Testing & Control, Applied Security, Cloud Security, Data Governance, Risk & Compliance, Digital Forensics & Incident Response, Legal, Regulations, Investigations & Compliance, Network & Infrastructure Security, Operations Security, Phishing, Ransomware, Security Credentials, Software Development Security, Telecommunication & Network Security ZINAD is an Information Security company established in 2014  and operates in over 15 countries regionally and internationally  offering state-of-the-art Cybersecurity Awareness products and services to numerous enterprise customers  entities  and organizations in various sectors. Housing a collective unique team of globally certified cybersecurity experts  consultants  and engineers with an arsenal of the most advanced Cybersecurity certifications ZINAD also offers comprehensive Cybersecurity consultation and services."
"Ziture Media, Marketing & Advertising Tech, Artificial Intelligence, Chatbots / Virtual Assistant, Natural Language Processing (NLP), AdTech, Artificial Intelligence, Content Creation, OTT ZITURE leverages the power of Generative AI and caters to the unique preferences of Gen Z  to deliver engaging and immersive experiences unlike anything seen before. Our platform directly addresses the challenges faced by Gen Z  such as digital loneliness  information overload  and fragmented experiences across multiple platforms. ZITURE combats digital loneliness by fostering a sense of community and connection. Through our LLM-supported Recommender Engine  we tackle information overload by curating personalized content & network tailored to each user's preferences. And instead of juggling multiple platforms  ZITURE unifies fragmented experiences  offering a diverse range of content and interactive opportunities in one place."
"Zoho Corporation Software Services, Application integration and infrastructure, Business Intelligence Solutions, Business Process Management, CRM (Customer Relationship Management) Software, Data Analytics & Automation, Digital Imaging, ERP (Enterprise Resource Planning) Software, Finance & Accounting Software, HR Tech, Mobile Applications, Mobility Enterprise Solutions, VOIP Solutions With 55+ apps in nearly every major business category  including sales  marketing  customer support  accounting and back-office operations  and an array of productivity and collaboration tools  Zoho Corporation is one of the world's most prolific technology companies. Zoho is privately held and profitable with more than 10 000 employees. Zoho is headquartered in Chennai  India. Additional offices are in the United States  Japan  China  Canada  Singapore  Mexico  Australia  the Netherlands  Brazil  Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates. For more information  please visit www.zoho.com/"
"ZTT Smart Manufacturing, Sustainability & Green Climate - Tech, 5G & Telecommunications, Cabling, Marine Communication Equipment & Services, Wireless, Energy Management & Sustainability ZTT (Full name: Jiangsu Zhongtian Technology Co. Ltd) embarked on optical fiber communications in 1992  accessed the “smart grid” in 2002  and commenced work on renewable energy products in 2011. In 2020  the products of ZTT were exported to 160 countries and regions. ZTT continues to work on cleaner production and accelerating green and low-carbon developments  we are working hard to achieve national goal for carbon dioxide emissions peaking by 2030 and carbon neutrality by 2060. ZTT is one of the Top 500 Chinese Enterprises and National Key High-tech Enterprise. ZTT has built a specialized industrial portfolio for renewable energy  submarine system  power grid  telecommunications  and industrial internet. ZTT Group now hosts over 80 subsidiary companies and nearly 16 000 employees  with 44 offices and 14 marketing centers established overseas  and 5 overseas plants operating in India  Brazil  Indonesia     and Turkey. In 2023  ZTT achieved sales revenue of over $13.5 billion."
"Zuno Games Software Services, Media, Marketing & Advertising Tech, Gaming, Education Tech, Artificial Intelligence, Content Creation, Machine Learning, Collaborative learning and technology, EdTech & Smart Classroom Solution, Game Based Learning Programs & Simulations, HR systems and services, Learning Improvement Tech & Devices, Learning management infrastructure, methods and systems, Mobile learning solutions, Performance support systems, Training materials, Marketing / Advertising, Mobile Gaming, Gaming, Mobile Applications, HR Tech ZUNO offers a dynamic way to conduct onboarding and training through custom educational video games. With our software  we can turn any training content into an engaging learning experience  significantly improving completion rates and knowledge retention. What sets ZUNO apart is the great user experience for the players and ease of use for administrators  allowing for quick content updates and real-time tracking of employees’ progress. Our platform has already engaged over 70 000 players and was successfully tested with 200 students  proving its effectiveness in modernising HR training."
AAIC Partners Africa Ltd. No categories available No description available
Adjibola No categories available No description available
AGRI DONE VISION No categories available No description available
AgriMinga No categories available No description available
Agrocenta No categories available No description available
Ahad International FZC Limited- ICT ~ Recital Finance No categories available No description available
Alkemyst: Design and Recycling No categories available No description available
Amazon Project Kuiper No categories available No description available
